So there is no way for me to plug it in here in the US unless I go by a converter.	
Tied to charger for conversations lasting more than 45 minutes.MAJOR PROBLEMS!!	
I have to jiggle the plug to get it to line up right to get decent volume.	
If you have several dozen or several hundred contacts, then imagine the fun of sending each of them one by one.	
Needless to say, I wasted my money.	
What a waste of money and time!.	
If the two were seperated by a mere 5+ ft I started to notice excessive static and garbled sound from the headset.	
The design is very odd, as the ear "clip" is not very comfortable at all.	
I advise EVERYONE DO NOT BE FOOLED!	
It clicks into place in a way that makes you wonder how long that mechanism would last.	
I went on Motorola's website and followed all directions, but could not get it to pair again.	
The commercials are the most misleading.	
I bought it for my mother and she had a problem with the battery.	
I didn't think that the instructions provided were helpful to me.	
People couldnt hear me talk and I had to pull out the earphone and talk on the phone.	
Doesn't hold charge.	
This is a simple little phone to use, but the breakage is unacceptible.	
It is unusable in a moving car at freeway speed.	
I have two more years left in this contract and I hate this phone.	
You need at least 3 mins to get to your phone book from the time you first turn on the phone.Battery life is short.	
Poor Talk Time Performance.	
worthless product.	
I was not impressed by this product.	
I only hear garbage for audio.	
Who in their right mind is gonna buy this battery?.	
AFTER ARGUING WITH VERIZON REGARDING THE DROPPED CALLS WE RETURNED THE PHONES AFTER TWO DAYS.	
Disappointed with battery.	
Not loud enough and doesn't turn on like it should.	
VERY DISAPPOINTED.	
The buttons for on and off are bad.	
Essentially you can forget Microsoft's tech support.	
Buy a different phone - but not this.	
You have to hold the phone at a particular angle for the other party to hear you clearly.	
The one big drawback of the MP3 player is that the buttons on the phone's front cover that let you pause and skip songs lock out after a few seconds.	
A week later after I activated it, it suddenly died.	
Mic Doesn't work.	
Even in my BMW 3 series which is fairly quiet, I have trouble hearing what the other person is saying.	
Do Not Buy for D807...wrongly advertised for D807.	
I purchased this and within 2 days it was no longer working!!!!!!!!!	
Not a good bargain.	
The battery runs down quickly.	
This item worked great, but it broke after 6 months of use.	
The construction of the headsets is poor.	
For a product that costs as much as this one does, I expect it to work far better and with greater ease than this thing does.	
The ear buds only play music in one ear.	
Dont waste your money...	
If you plan to use this in a car forget about it.	
I found this product to be waaay too big.	
I'm very disappointed with my decision.	
Buyer Beware, you could flush money right down the toilet.	
I received my supposedly new motorola 375 and apparently there was not a match between the phone and the charger.	
That's a huge design flaw (unless I'm not using it correctly, which I don't think is the case).	
The camera, although rated at an impressive 1.3 megapixels, renders images that fall well below expectations of such a relatively high resolution.	
I purcashed this for the car charger and it does not work.	
i got this phone around the end of may and i'm completely unhappy with it.	
Could not get strong enough signal.	
Bad Quality.	
Basically the service was very bad.	
it did not work in my cell phone plug i am very up set with the charger!.	
The BT headset was such a disapoinment.	
Buyer--Be Very Careful!!!!!.	
The majority of the Logitech earbud headsets failed.	
In my house I was getting dropped coverage upstairs and no coverage in my basement.	
What a waste.	
During several different 2 minute calls, I experienced 5 drops and it was in an area that had 5 bars.	
I was not happy with this item.	
very disappointed.	
The phone takes FOREVER to charge like 2 to 5 hours literally.	
What a waste of time!	
Its reception is very very poor.	
Items stated as included from the description ARE NOT INCLUDED.	
After 3 months, screen just went black all of a sudden.	
I Was Hoping for More.	
Audio Quality is poor, very poor.	
I've bought $5 wired headphones that sound better than these.	
All I can do is whine on the Internet, so here it goes.The more I use the thing the less I like it.	
This is essentially a communications tool that does not communicate.	
I still maintain that monkeys shouldn't make headphones, we just obviously don't share enough DNA to copy the design over to humans.	
Doesn't work at all.. I bougth it for my L7c and its not working.	
doesn't last long.	
One thing I hate is the mode set button at the side.	
Thank you for wasting my money.	
How can that be?The audio quality is poor.	
I put the latest OS on it (v1.15g), and it now likes to slow to a crawl and lock up every once in a while.	
It only recognizes the Phone as its storage device.	
If you like a loud buzzing to override all your conversations, then this phone is for you!	
Don't buy this product.	
I've had this bluetoooth headset for some time now and still not comfortable with the way it fits on the ear.	
I have this phone and it is a thorn in my side, I really abhor it.	
I recently had problems where I could not stay connected for more than 10 minutes before being disconnected.	
Design Flaw?.	
Waste of 13 bucks.	
But when I check voice mail at night, the keypad backlight turns off a few seconds into the first message, and then I'm lost.	
The replacement died in a few weeks.	
I have had problems wit hit dropping signal and more.	
Not impressed.	
Bad Choice.	
The pleather case doesn't fit.	
useless phone, simply deaf.	
It makes very strange ticking noises before it ends the call.	
Battery lasts only a few hours.	
We are sending it back.	
I did not bother contacting the company for few dollar product but I learned the lesson that I should not have bought this form online anyway.	
If you hate earbugs, avoid this phone by all means.	
I also didn't like the "on" button, it felt like it would crack with use.	
WORST PHONE EVER.	
Freezes frequently4.	
It's kind of embarrassing to use because of how it looks and mostly it's embarrassing how child-like the company is.	
All in all, I'd expected a better consumer experience from Motorola.	
There's a horrible tick sound in the background on all my calls that I have never experienced before.	
I'm a bit disappointed.	
I have had this phone for over a year now, and I will tell you, its not that great.	
I ordered this for sony Ericsson W810i but I think it only worked once (thats when I first used it).	
The battery is completely useless to me.	
What a big waste of time.	
Don't waste your $$$ on this one.	
Do not make the same mistake as me.	
Big Disappointment with calendar sync.	
the phone was unusable and was not new.	
Worst Customer Service Ever.	
No additional ear gels provided, and no instructions whatsoever.	
It defeats the purpose of a bluetooth headset.	
Internet is excrutiatingly slow.	
This product had a strong rubber/petroleum smell that was unbearable after a while and caused me to return it	
poor quality and service.	
The cable looks so thin and flimsy, it is scary.	
Absolutel junk.	
THAT one didn't work either.	
Returned 8 hours later.	
Don't waste your money!.	
Not only will it drain your player, but may also potentially fry it.	
Unreliable - I'm giving up.	
Avoid this one if you can.	
I wasted my little money with this earpiece.	
First of all, it doesn't wear well.	
I wouldn't recommend buying this product.	
Piece of Junk.	
Poorly contstruct hinge.	
Don't buy it.	
DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PHONE.	
Customer service was terrible.	
Battery life still not long enough in Motorola Razor V3i.	
Sending it back.	
As many people complained, I found this headset's microphone was very weak.	
My 5-year old Nokia 2160 from Tracfone holds the charge a lot better than this.	
They do not care about the consumer one bit.	
The instruction manual is lacking.	
The battery is unreliable as well as the service use antena.	
It's uncomfortable and the sound quality is quite poor compared with the phone (Razr) or with my previous wired headset (that plugged into an LG).	
I want my money back.