Good case, Excellent value.	
Great for the jawbone.	
The mic is great.	
If you are Razr owner...you must have this!	
And the sound quality is great.	
He was very impressed when going from the original battery to the extended battery.	
Very good quality though	
Highly recommend for any one who has a blue tooth phone.	
So Far So Good!.	
Works great!.	
I bought this to use with my Kindle Fire and absolutely loved it!	
I have yet to run this new battery below two bars and that's three days without charging.	
Great Pocket PC / phone combination.	
I've owned this phone for 7 months now and can say that it's the best mobile phone I've had.	
This product is ideal for people like me whose ears are very sensitive.	
Car charger as well as AC charger are included to make sure you never run out of juice.Highy recommended	
It has kept up very well.	
The case is great and works fine with the 680.	
It has a great camera thats 2MP, and the pics are nice and clear with great picture quality.	
Nice headset priced right.	
Excellent bluetooth headset.	
It has all the features I want	
This case seems well made.	
good protection and does not make phone too bulky.	
A usable keyboard actually turns a PDA into a real-world useful machine instead of just a neat gadget.	
This phone is pretty sturdy and I've never had any large problems with it.	
I love this thing!	
Everything about it is fine and reasonable for the price i.e.	
I even dropped this phone into a stream and it was submerged for 15 seconds and it still works great!	
I have been very happy with the 510 and have had NO complaints from any one regarding my sound quality on their end.	
I really recommend this faceplates since it looks very nice, elegant and cool.	
These headphones were a great find - and I think they are perhaps the best purchase I've made in the last several years - seriously.	
It feels more comfortable than most headsets because I wear glasses and that gets in the way sometimes.	
Great for iPODs too.	
This device is great in several situations:1.)	
Great choice!	
Nice docking station for home or work.	
This is a beautiful phone.	
Love this product.	
This is a great little item.	
I love this phone , It is very handy and has a lot of features .	
I wear it everyday and it holds up very well.	
Well packaged, arrived on time, and works as intended.	
The headsets are easy to use and everyone loves them.	
This phone works great.	
Product was excellent and works better than the verizon one and Boy was it cheaper!	
The phone loads super!	
Made very sturdy.	
Worked great!.	
Will order from them again!	
Best I've found so far .... I've tried 2 other bluetooths and this one has the best quality (for both me and the listener) as well as ease of using.	
Integrated seamlessly with the Motorola RAZR phone.	
Definitely a bargain.	
The price was very good and with the free shipping and all it was a good purchase.	
Pros:-Good camera - very nice pictures , also has cool styles like black and white, and more.	
I love my 350 headset.. My Jabra350 bluetooth headset is great, the reception is very good and the ear piece is a comfortable fit.	
Sound quality on both end is excellent, I use headset to call my wife and ask my wife to use headset to call me !2.	
This phone is slim and light and the display is beautiful.	
its a little geeky but i think thats its sex on toast and it rocks and oozes sex right down to its battery embedded sleek stylish leather case.	
Great product, fast shipping!.	
Absolutely great.	
The keyboard is a nice compromise between a full QWERTY and the basic cell phone number keypad.	
It is very comfortable on the ear.	
It has been a winner for us.	
)Setup couldn't have been simpler.	
I've tried several different earpieces for my cell phone and this Jabra one is the first one I've found that fits my ear comfortably.	
Iam very pleased with my purchase.	
Gets the job done.	
Great audio!.	
I've only had my bluetooth for a few weeks, but I really like it.	
It is so small and you don't even realize that it is there after a while of getting used to it.	
The accompanied software is almost brilliant.	
Headset works great & was packaged nicely to avoid any damage.	
!I definitly recommend!!	
Very good stuff for the price.	
My headset works just peachy-keen.	
Voice recognition is tremendous!	
I got this phone on reccomendation from a relative and I'm glad I did.	
I had absolutely no problem with this headset linking to my 8530 Blackberry Curve!	
I know that sounds funny, but to me it seemed like sketchy technology that wouldn't work well.Well, this one works great.	
This phone is very fast with sending any kind of messages and web browsing is significantly faster than previous phones i have used.	
Nice quality build, unlike some cheap s*** out there.	
This item is fantastic and works perfectly!	
And I just love the colors!	
W810i is just SUPERB.	
Great charger.	
Works like a charm; it work the same as the one I got with the phone.	
Great Value.	
The look of it is very sharp and the screen is nice and clear, with great graphics.	
EXCELLENT SERVICE!!!!!!!!.	
The iGo chargers and tips are really great.	
The file browser offers all the options that one needs.Handsfree is great.	
Superb Phone on a Great Network.	
I connected my wife's bluetooth,(Motorola HS850) to my phone and it worked like a charm whether the phone was in my pocket or the case.	
The sound quality is good and functionality is awesome.	
Incredible!.	
Great phone!.	
Any ring tone..Overall good phone to buy..	
Lately they have been extremely nice and helpful on the phone.	
Light weight, I hardly notice it is there.	
You'll love how thin it is.	
The color is even prettier than I thought it would be, and the graphics are incredibly sharp.	
All in all I think it was a good investment.	
The best electronics of the available FM Transmitters.	
great headset, very impressed - H500.	
The "1.2" mega pixel camera, being a part of a phone, is reasonably good7.	
I've had this for nearly 2 years and it has worked great for me.	
Good transmit audio.	
Great price also!	
The range is very decent, I've been able to roam around my house with the phone in the living room with no reception/sound quality issues.	
fast service.	
I would highly recommend this.	
I would recommend this.	
I'm still infatuated with this phone.	
Simple, lightweight and great fit.	
These are certainly very comfortable and functionality is decent.	
I usually don't like headbands but this one is very lightweight & doesn't mess up my hair.	
Great sound and service.	
Really pleased with this product so far.	
One of my favorite purchases ever.	
best bluetooth on the market.	
Authentic leather with nice shine and comfort .I recommend you this case !!	
I was very excited to get this headset because I thought it was really cute.	
Worth every penny.	
Excellent wallet type phone case.	
Nice headphones for the price and they work great!	
It is very comfortable to wear as well, which is probably the most important aspect about using a case.	
It's fits like a glove and is strong, secure, and durable.	
O my gosh the best phone I have ever had.	
It's very attractive and appears to be of good quality.	
I love all the features and form factor.	
Great Earpiece.	
Excellent hands free tool.	
Great for using with your home stereo.	
Good product - incredible value.	
Only had this a month but it's worked flawlessly so far.	
Works great.	
Battery life is real good.	
It's a great item.	
Love this headset!	
Worked perfectly!	
I gave it 5 stars because of the sound quality.	
Reversible plug works great.	
Very good phone.	
Best of all is the rotating feature, very helpful.	
Comfort for our whole family.	
Good product, good seller.	
I love this bluetooth!	
I am very impressed with this headset from Plantronics.	
I got it because it was so small and adorable.