Only Deucalion, Victor's first creation from the Mary Shelly novel that served as inspiration for this updating, is still played straight.
Koontz finds his footing in the final chapters, a Lovecraftian showdown between Frankenstein and his artificial creations inside a series of tunnels beneath a dump.
CONCLUSION: This book may be a good gift for your child (10 to 13 years old) if she has any interest in reading.
It could teach him some basic rules and tricks.
I do not fault his writing style because it was quite an easy read and very accessible.
However, I did like the magic system with the witches, warlocks and mages all having different functions in the world, and how there are numerous classes and castes within each magical house.
I also liked the back story of how there was a holy war centuries ago between the forces of light and the denizens of hell, and how the ancestors of both sides are fighting over the souls again years later.
This is a really cool story.
I loved the strong, independent main character.
I also thought the fallen angel story was really neat, and I wanted more of it.
The cover was also very interesting.
I'd love to read a book written by the author in the format of the preface.
I was really enjoying that style of writing.
It reminded me of Poe in a Young Adult format.
I liked the strong vocabulary in this book, as well.
I look forward to recommending this to my students who enjoy Twilight.
All of this being said, I appreciate the message of following your dreams in both writings.
I like the character Eragon and he seemed to be maturing in this book.
I liked the first part.
He put into words my feelings when he said, "I just want to love God" to the three religious leaders (Catholic, Muslim, Hindu) when they asked him why he practiced all three religions.
But in the end it all came together.
By A Customer I checked this out at the library and thought it had good information about how to cut your expenses and the author convinced me to pay off my mortgage early rather than putting my extra money into the stock market.
The first few CD's are very entertaining.
Mark Haddon's first book puts him in the league with great authors of our time.
The book is so well written and the story has been narrated in such convincing tone, that at times I had to make sure that Mark was not writing his autobiography!
In this short but insightful novel, Daniel Quinn has created a brand new view of history of mankind.
Told through interactions of a master and his student, Ishmael presents a view of history in a very different, and for some the real, light.
Ishmael presents a remarkably different view of the history of mankind.
According to Ishmael life is not about winning or ruling the earth, it is to live and let live and this simple message is delivered in the book through some very logical anecdotes and analogies.
CONCLUSION: Good book for readers interested in philosophical and intellectual explanation of history of humans.
This cd was pretty relaxing.
It made me fall asleep the first night after using it.
I would probably recommend it to a friend.
This book it's a great tool for beginner or mature actors.
I find this little book practical, honest and helpful.
So pick up and read this book.
You will be glad you did!
Mr. Lieven does an excellent job in his analysis of the Chechen conflict, but readers should use caution against potential bias.
However, Mr. Lieven does provide a fascinating insight into the war.
I love his miniature analyses of the evolution of modern war.
On the surface an unlikely romance, the story draws strong parallels to the coexisting US Civil Rights Movement: The Heroine: To all those Blacks who suffered abuse at the hands of others and developed strength to live through it.
Particularly touching is the scene in which the Hero explains race to his six-year-old, bi-racial daughter.
After a violent start, the story develops at a more livable pace, building the characters and events to climax in the Hero's gut-wrenching search for the Heroine and their daughter, both kidnaped by the sadistic, murdering Rapist. SHANGHAIED HEART's setting and plot give the reader an intimate glimpse of that era in rural life, as well as bringing home what it's like to endure racial discrimination.
Anita Diamant's superb book takes the well known story of Jacob and his 12 sons and gives voice to the women long silent.
Rather than a source of disgrace, the book gives a reaffirming message of what it means to be a women and worships the ability to give life, which the mothers pass on to their daughter Dinah . As interesting as the relationships between the characters, the book presents a myriad of the religious practices of the time.
The ending offers some conclusion to the divides within her family and we see that life continues on.
This is one amazingbook about a man (Gary Paulsen) and his experiances with running the Iditarod dog race in Alaska. It goes through his nothing but humorous traing process, and then onto the grueling, tiring, painful race.
He gives a great account of his loving (and obviously favorite) dog Cookie, the lead of his team.
He goes through the relationships with everyone he meets and his thoughts while reviewing for the race before it's start in Anchorage, Alaska. Paulsen is one of my all time favorite authors and when i read this I was impressed with the emotion, and hysterical hallucinations and I was glad that this book went way over my expectations.
I reccomend this book to everyone and anyone, especially those who enjoy the great outdoors and animals.
Nothing but the best!!
So he undertook the work and succeeded.
Building on known technics he refined and combined them to form a coherent framework that guides you from the first assessment to the final delivery, putting emphasis on the 'get it right the first time' principle.
In contrast with other books on human machine interaction the ideas of the book are coherent, logical and refreshing to read.
Still, Vincentes book is not a cookery-book but on the abstract and generic level and capable of being used in very different enviroments.
The book carries you from the first steps to far into the language.
It is easy to read and has all the essentials.
With a proper dictionary like Payne Smith's Compendious Syriac Dictionary there is little else you need for classical Syriac. Beginning with the script and pronunciation it advances through pronouns, nouns and verbs in a very orderly fashion.
A lot of information is presented in tables which is handy for reference.
Luckily, it picked up in the end.
I definitely liked Kite Runner more, but I did like this one a lot.
Sykes steals the show as Evan's sarcastic assistant.
The only good thing is the lead female who is a Russian spy.
If all spies looked like her and moved like her, there would be chaos in the world.
The only entertainment I found was Norton's portrayal of a mental handicap.
I laughed a bit.
Of the eight actresses who portray the clueless Aviva, Wilkins stands out as the most memorable if not largely for her zaftig woman-child interpretation with her borderline gargantuan stature (the impression is of a giantess growing in mid-transformation with the sundresses nearly bursting from her ample body) but displays some real emotion in her confusion and dismay at just wanting to be loved and to love someone that makes her few moments on screen so memorable.
While the sex scenes are plentiful (thanks Eli!)
Otherwise it is a somewhat gallant attempt to do what Sam Raimi, John Carpenter and others have pioneered in the late Seventies and early Eighties: horror with heart.
Kudos also to a viscerally uneasy turn by the lush Connor Tracy (late of "FINAL DESTINATION 2") as a blind medium in a scene that begs for more screen time development.
The only good actors in this movie is Willem Dafoe and Jackson.
8/10 big ups for Ali. Respect!
Also, it is very similar to DM. Still it is somewhat enjoyable and features a diverse cast (look fast for the black crewman way in the back!)
Notice that I gave the film 6 stars and thats because it was a masterpiece in so many ways.
IFC produced indie gem with great, subtle acting and impressive novella-type narrative with characters as the film's focal point: to wit, former idealized hippie Jack Slavin (a never been better Daniel Day-Lewis) who lives with his tween daughter Rose (bewitched, beguiled and bewildered newcomer Camilla Belle) in their shared abandoned commune he created with her mother (who left them when she was very young) on a small remote e 'island off the East Coast of the United States' (as the beginning title card tells us over the amusing "I Put A Spell On You" by Creedence Clearwater Revival appropriately setting the tone).
Written and directed by D-Day's real-life wife Rebecca Miller (daughter of acclaimed playwright Arthur), the film has a leisurely paced, lovely-to-look at feel (kudos to cinematographer Ellen Kuras - who collaborated with Miller on Personal Velocity for her beatifically lensed work including such imagery as sun dappling water, a twinkling of an electric storm in a blue-violet twilight and a dazzling full moon on a clear night) as well as a literate outlook on her characters and their interlocking both subtle (a painful look by Day-Lewis to his daughter's deliberate display of losing her virginity to Thaddius) and not-so (a snake slithering loose under the bed during the deflowering – loss of innocence etc.). But make no bones about it she is a gifted storyteller with some nice quirks (Rose's odd/funny/sweet attempted seduction of a highly reluctant yet respectable Rodney is one of the most amusingly warm-hearted displays in cinema of late that feels real).
I particularly liked a very early sequence with Rose retreating to the cramped confines of a pale yellow tree house , an envisionment of a metaphorical giantess trapped by her environs (Jack even notices and simply declares "you're getting to big for me"), attempting to adapt the her Brobdignagian largesse.
While it is well acted across the board (Keener, again such a treat as a 'real' woman depicted on screen; warts and all) – including a smallish role by the usual gregariously laid-back Jason Lee as a local greens man who keeps the uptake of the Slavin's demands - it is a showcase for the ethereal Belle (suggesting a love child of Chris Noth and Jennifer Connelly) whose dark quasi-exotic/girl-next-door/angelic being walks a thin tightrope of madness and a desire for 'normalcy' (she even deems Keener's Kathleen as just that 'regular'); she is a propagation of sorts.
There is a certain magical charm that works between her and Day-Lewis that is both tragic and inspiring.
Keep an eye on this naturally gifted young actress.
THE ICE HARVEST (2005) *** John Cusack, Billy Bob Thornton, Connie Nielsen, Oliver Platt, Randy Quaid, Mike Starr. Black Comedy For Those Not In The Holiday Spirit John Cusack has always been one of the few actors who merit the Gold Standard when it comes to watching a film for pure entertainment and he excels with his good-hearted average guy manner in an unlikely dark comedy with another actor who is also in the same league of criteria, Billy Bob Thrornton (both co-starred in 1999's "Pushing Tin" a sort of satirical comedy about air traffic controllers at each other's throats) and together they make a fine comic duo.
What makes all this funny is Cusack's deadpan at the absurdities that seem to pop up every ten minutes making their unlikely reality a surreality.
His timing is right on the money and Thornton's prickly, misanthropic (and homicidal) Vic is the perfect off-balance to the dicey proceedings at hand causing the two men to wade hip deep in a mire of dead bodies and other unsavory situations.
Told in an icy comic vein by master veteran funnyman Harold Ramis who deftly directs the sordid and humorous sequences with aplomb and some interesting shots along the way (I particularly liked the off-center POV of a shotgun cartridge during one of the climactic action sequences very much so) as well as letting his cast simply let the smart screenplay by vets Richard Russo and Robert Benton sail along in the adaptation of Scott Phillips' Jim Thompsonian pulp fiction with just the right amount of bite and bile executed.
Cinematographer Alar Kivilo's blue-black schematics make you feel the stinging cold of the Midwest bleakness engulfing the characters' plight.
For anyone who has loathed the holiday season and all its trappings this makes a fine piece of coal in a stocking of cinematic mirth and mayhem.
TALK TO ME (2007) *** Don Cheadle, Chiwtel Ejiofor, Taraji P. Henson, Martin Sheen, Cedric the Entertainer, Vondie Curtis-Hall, Mike Epps. (Dir: Kasi Lemmons) Cheadle Sparkles in Biopic Don Cheadle is perhaps the most underrated best actor of his generation giving it all in every film performance and not getting the true props and recognition for his craft of versatility.
Perhaps this, one of his best roles to date, will change perspectives overall.
She has a good command for her actors allowing each one to shine like the formidably funny and fierce Henson as Petey's vulgar yet golden-hearted hoochie mama.
Overall the acting is solid and on the money, again with Cheadle and Ejiofor showing deft acting chops with versatility of drama and comedy.
The gift of gab has never been so enjoyable.
Her more feminine wiles on display to the hilt in this surprisingly charming romantic dramedy with her character Gray Wheeler, a young woman facing a sudden tragedy, her fiancée is killed in a horrible sporting event accident crushing her upcoming nuptials in full blossom.
Written and directed by Susannah Grant (who makes her directorial debut here) does an able job overall with the usual formulaic expectations: overheard conversations misleading the truth; real-love triumphing; friendship & relationships put to the tests, etc. etc. But the cast makes it a winning diversion and a lot of fun.
Great interplay between Garner as 'one- of-the-guys' and the three dudes making a fine buffet to her nubile attractiveness.
There is undeniable chemistry between Garner and Olyphant (who I swear to God if you close your eyes sounds like a rakish Robert Wagner!)
who effortlessly provides the sex with aplomb, and tastefully so.
Grant does allow some refreshing touches, namely making her characters likable yet flawed and not jerks, which so easily could've been the case in many plot points (ie Garner's mother-in-law-to-be has the inklings of villainy but really deep down shows she is not the heartless wench she appears when things get a little dicey).
There are also equal amounts of chemistry between the trio of male friends who are all looking out for the best interests of Garner's character (as well as their own well-meaning agendas overall without being creepy or downright chauvinistic).
But it truly is Garner's showcase to depict her girl-next-door sexiness not unlike America's sweetheart Julia Roberts: a gal whose femininity and sexuality are not in disposable even if she is one of the guys.
The film is worth a look at to see how one can find their happiness even if it comes with little burden.
Well the answer is not necessarily found in this disturbing, under-the-skin creepy socio-horror film focusing on an NYC Yuppie couple's newborn daughter brought back to their upscale Central Park West environs and their preternaturally bright, but clearly unstable, young son, Joshua (newcomer Kogan, a real find).
Rockwell, one of my personal faves and perhaps the most underrated of his (and my) generation, is excellent.
The bantam actor walks with a dancer's grace, his retro do suggesting a hep cat who is happy with himself in the world, and sharp features blend nicely into his Brad, who feels his edge on things dwindle not unlike Farmiga's Abby, who has the difficult role of a somewhat unsympathetic character (ie a mom incapable of caring for her children to the point of insanity) but acts up a storm in her unorthodox turn.
Both make you feel for their desperation and ultimately their last-ditch efforts of keeping their sanities in lock-step.
but more like a really decent "TWILIGHT ZONE" episode.
Opening with Gideon being shot in the arm and running through the wintry landscape, falling into a freezing river and eventually excising the silver-dollar sized bullet with wincing dexterity, the pace continues to be breathless and anticipatory as Gideon manages to be one-step ahead while Carver's troupe are two-behind.
Both actors give finely tuned turns here with Brosnan in one of his most physically demanding performances with a certain dirt-under-the-fingernails grittiness, sporting a Don Quixote VanDyke and thatch of graying hair, a grizzled wrinkling pre-aged look that suggests his suffering character is damned in the long run.
Proving it takes two-to-tango, Neeson is at his most subtle yet still a looming presence with his brawn and stalwartness bellies his real intent: revenge at any price.
But director David Von Ancken making his big-screen debut (a TV vet of such shows as "Numb3rs" & "CSI: NY") – who collaborated on the script with novice Abby Everett Jaques – manages to incorporate some shrewd machinations (a dead horse sequence that actually had me jump out of my seat; kudos to editor Conrad Buff IV) and allow his leads enough space to make the most of their environs (the scenery is a character itself going from the wintry mountains to the arid, no-man's land salt flats) to their advantage.
Although when the two characters finally come together after many bloody, graphic sequences, it is somewhat anti-climatic but the theme of doing the right thing at the right time nearly defeats what has transpired in the first half of this revisionist Western, the best since "Unforgiven" and last year's "The Proposition".
A surprisingly well-written screenplay by Steven Katz (SHADOW OF A VAMPIRE) and newbie Joe Gangemi, the dialogue rings true of the formulaic supernatural yet offers an intriguing premise interpolating Nietzchian thought (eternal recurrence) – the two were students in a philosophy class – and some fine moments of paranoia fueled anxiety for Blunt's heroine (is she in danger with this person or not), and although the 'ghost story' section feels a little rushed it works with the backdrop of the winter storm encroaching.
Director Jacobs (who helmed the "NINE QUEENS" remake "CRIMINAL" for his long-time associates Steven Soderbergh and George Clooney's Section Eight production company (the high powered filmmakers serve as exec producers here) does a very good job of creating enough tension, sprinkled with dry humor mixed with dread employing tight editing by Lee Percy and a cool-to-the-touch cinematography by Dan Laustsen.
The better-than-average film is buoyed by excellent acting by its stars, with Brit Blunt employing an impeccable American accent and making her bitchy 'girl' (as she is only referred to at the credits' close) redeemably likable and Holmes' 'guy' switched back and forth from mensch to menace.
But if you want a decent ghost story on a secluded evening check this out.
SWIMMING UPSTREAM (2005) *** Geoffrey Rush, Judy Davis, Jesse Spencer, Tim Draxl, David Hoflin, Craig Horner, Brittany Byrnes, Deborah Kennedy, Mark Hembrow, Mitchell Dellevergin, Thomas Davidson, Kain O'Keefe, Robert Quinn, Keeara Byrnes. (Dir: Russell Mulcahy) Rush and Davis give bold performances in this true-life account of Aussie swimming champ Tony Fingleton.
Tony's blue-collar working class dad, Harold (a superb Rush in a continuing string of chameleon like turns of late), a man who houses many demons and unleashes his inner fury through bottles of beer , tries his best to provide for his sprawling tight family and although his focus on winning-is-the-only-thing-that-matters view in life has to face his failures every day (he gave up a promising attempt as a professional soccer star by marrying young, and regretting every moment thereafter) in spite of his loving family and long-suffering wife Dora (the ethereally haggard Davis equally top-notch in a semi-low-key performance).
Spencer gives a remarkably effective performance as the tortured Tony (as does Dellevergin as his younger version) attempting to shake off the waves of abuse and loathing from the only person he so desperately wants to make proud of and is ably supported by a more difficult turn by Draxl (and his younger counterpoint Davidson) as John. The two young brothers are thick and thin covering for each other when things get messy yet eventually a wedge is driven between the two by the conniving Harold who will stop at nothing to see his 'dream' the way it should be.
The acting by both Rush and Davis is truly impressive as each manages to avoid making either of their roles true monsters and victims by giving them shades of gray in character and just enough reality to their pre-conceived stereotypes – alcoholic loser and misbegotten abused wife.
Yet the screenplay by Anthony Fingleton - based on his biography with his younger sister Diane – keeps the storyline real in its brutality and shame.
What easily could have been a waterlogged THE GREAT SANTINI the film achieves the unexpected: sympathy for a loser and new-found respect for a winner.
THE LAST DETAIL (1973) **** Jack Nicholson, Randy Quaid, Otis Young, Carol Kane, Michael Moriarty, Clifton James, Nancy Allen, Gilda Radner. Nicholson is nothing short of brilliant in Hal Ashby's film about two career Navy officers assigned to escort prisoner Quaid to the brig on bogus charges, with some off the beaten trail adventures to make the best of the situation.
Raw and devilishly good with some insight of anger in males in all of cinema.
Best scene: Jack trying to get Quaid served in a podunk pub.
Best line: "Heineken?
Why it's the finest beer in the world!
President Kennedy used to drink it!"
Electrifying Nicholson!
Strengths:Good concept for a very excellent PDA. Had excellent display resolution and color.
Keyboard is great for the individual that doesn't what to fool with alternate text entry methods.
The problem is this router doesn't really support Apple Macs. My previous router/modems (Speedtouch and Netgear wired) were literally plug and play.
It's very comfortable to charge - the charger is in the socket, the headset is in the charger, no tangling wires - great!
Pros: For the most part, a very decent printer.
Good print quality, speed, etc. for the price.
I have owned it since Nov 2009. The HD2 is the best phone.
Besides it runs many google apps, and Apple has too many garbage apps that are just worthless.
You did not mention the 16gb memory that comes with the T-Mobile phone without extra charge.
Nothing will compare with this newer version on WinMobile 7 with a 1.5 processor and a 4.5 inch screen.
Don't forget the Apple choice is a closed system, no real choices beyond Apples product line.
No so with HTC (hd2, Hd3)
A good beginner's tablet.
But for what I paid, the camera has worked pretty well.
I have been able to take more than 30 pictures with a fully charged pair of batteries before they went dead, and it is simple to just carry a spare pair of batteries for backup, as the battery charger that came with the camera accommodates 4 batteries.
First the good news...the camera takes nice, sharp pictures when zoom is not used and there is good lighting; it is compact and lightweight; and it is the most inexpensive camera I've seen with both digital and optical zoom and 4 megapixels.
The best news is: This unit works!
Additionally, the rewind/fast forward features for videotapes are quite rapid.
The Terk is definitely the best looking of the bunch, and I really like the included stand, which gives you more flexibility in setting it up.
The antenna feels well-made and solid, the cables appear to be of a good quality.
The picture quality is also very good and the main reason I bought it was the upscaling to match my TV - very impressive.
But in terms of function and ease of use it's very good.
The hardware itself is simple and well designed.
Customer service though is very good and very responsive.
This is used for vans in a service company and when it works it works very well.
Pros: Works excellent in my Dell 8100 using XP Home. My wireless router is in the basement and it works fantastic everywhere in my house (no dead spots even on 2nd story).
Even picks up my neighbors networks.
Netgear software makes me buy them over and over...
much easier to connect to networks compared to using XP and other software.
Pros: Long range zoom for distance and nature shooting.
Cons: Nothing negative about it.
Living next to a large body of water I can shoot ducks, tow boats, Osprey, anything else, at distances of 100 yards and even further.
Truly the 24X zoom is superb in replacing expensive long lens of the best quality.
The camera is light but feels solid.
Controls are intuitively where fingers are placed.
The vibration reduction cannot be faulted even at maximum zoom.
It must be one of the best anti shake designs made.
Rapid fire makes for great pics of birds in flight and sports shots.
The P90 exceeds my expectations.
Pros: No problems, easy to set up.
Looks good.
Cons: Nothing negative about it.
Replaced it with the Samsung Black/Red to match my TV. It was on sale for 249.00. You get what you pay for.
Works wonderfully.
No problems what so ever.
Anyway, back to the Sony. This is perfect for my computer.
I play it through the Aux in and it sounds way better than the cheesy speakers in my monitor.
So, if you care about cassette player this stero is very reliable and sounds good too.
Pros: The instructions were very helpful and easy to use.
Cons: None so far.
Glad I didn't take it back.
Have only used it a few times, but I am very pleased with it so far.
I would recommend it based on my experience.
We use it in an art repro setup and it is the only way to go.
We have to zig-align the camera so the film (actually BL scan back) and the plane of the art are aligned exactly.
The gear movements on this heavy duty head are smooth and very precise.
I could align the camera this accurately with out it.
Pros: The picture and sound.
I bought this TV off of eBay for $300 in 2006 when the average price was for 800 - 1,000. The picture is excellent as well as the sound.
Greatest TV I have ever had!
DVD's and video games play very well on this television.
It works great for that and much more.
I am very impressed with the quality of the playback.
Also, you get more than enough playing time on the battery.
I have watched two full length movies without rechargeing the battery.
It has nice sound as an mp-3 player as well.
I couldn't be happier with the wide lens, aperture control ring, manual functions, scene pre-settings, overall low light performance, and ease of customization this little camera offers.
Even love the minimal black design of it.
I had high expectations with this camera based on its price ($400) and the Canon name (still have an old AE-1 from 1982 and used an ELPH powershot extensively), and as far as image quality I can't really find any faults.
Very cool.
I'm using it almost daily and haven't yet gotten over how powerful this point and shoot is.
There is even a simple 3x3 grid you can turn on to help you compose in the frame: can't begin to say how useful that is.
It even brackets.
Overall this is an excellent camera that puts all the functions I wanted (RAW shooting, wide lens, full suite of manual settings and f-stop adjustments) and then some in my back pocket.
Before hearing the album in its entirety, I heard She Will Have Her Way and Sinner, both great tracks and worthy classics.
She Will is a straight forward song in a Beatles-esque fashion whilst Sinner is a dark moody track with a haunting rhythm.
i think it's much better than the original song...
has a better groove and the vocals are better delivered...
Well, I think this band has some pretty fat salt licks, because, I don't know, it's pretty salty.
Great cut: Hot Summer Day: unique, superb mix of instruments (violin, harmonica, keyboard, and electric guitar), nice vocals (the lyrics are kinda dumb, but that's part of the 60s), fantastic build up...everything that characterizes a great 60s song.
The last few intensive notes end this song beautifully.
Great cut: Bombay Calling - a wonderful violin driven instrumental that makes you bounce in your seat.
Nostalgic Cut: White Bird (yup.
Guthrie is a lyrical genius, of course.
Wilco too.
And Billy--well, of course, of course.
If you can listen to an album because you know it's talent, or if you like country music, this album will please immensely.
I still love "And Then There Was Silence."
To me, that's one of the most impressive songs BG have written, and that's saying something.
This DVD is as good as you can buy when it comes to The Smiths. It features a selection of TOTP appearences (which are obviously mimed), some music videos and a strange compilation at the end.
Pawn the jewelry, if necessary, to buy this disc if only for "Je t'ai dans la peau" ("I've got you under my skin").
I heard it for the first time when I put the disc in the car player and I was knocked for a loop.
It's a classic Edith Piaf song, but this interpretation marries all of Karin Clercq's best qualities in one track: a beautifully alto voice, incredibly clear diction, and a gorgeous Belgian accent.
The production at the time was revolutionary; Lauri Latham (later worked with Echo & the Bunnymen, Squeeze and The Stranglers) came with a distinctive glossy and crisp sound.
Although it became soon dated, it sounds today very fresh.
The re-mastering is good, it is as if the tapes were cleaned with the separation much clearer.
The music has also aged well, Paul Young's voice still gives me goose bumps.
funny as hell but i also liked the music.
This fantastic cd is a (((must have))) for everyones cd collections weither they are a big fan of NERD or not.
This orriginal album shows alot of talent and includes a number of styles of music, So it suits everyones taste in music from hiphop to rock.
There are 12 brilliant songs that use live instruments througout the album, This gives the album a happy and feel good characteristic.
All the songs show the feelings and oppinions of chad, shae and ofcorse the wonderfull pharell williams.
however dispite this the album is still fantastic and contains the Original NERD flavor.
i am very hapy with this cd and i think you will be to.
it takes a small while to get used to the new style but now i relly love "fly or die".
basically you eaither like it or you dont, but you will never know until you try it...SO wot ru wating for get your copy now before they all sell out!!!!!!
i would give this album 9/10
I really never thought much more about Robert Berry. That was until Greg Stone who does a progressive rock radio show in the bay area, started to play some songs from this album Prime Cuts. Wow, Robert Berry, who is from the bay area has paid homage to some of the best prog acts of the 70's.
It's neat to hear some of these songs with a screaming guitar in them and a different musical twist.
How cool is it to hear ELP with a raging electric guitar and the song not being overpwoered by keyboards?
Very cool, not that ELP's version isn't great too.
He also has some differentt takes on the Genesis classic Watcher of the Skies and he covers Amborsia which he was once a member.
He also does some interesting covers of rush, Pink Floyd and Jethro tull.
I would never say that this is essential prog material, but hey, for a few bucks you could buy this or buy some of todays musical drivel, I'll go for this Thanks.
1.I Realize - 5/5 stars.
her voice is great in this song 2.Cliche Interlude + Cliche - 5/5 stars.
This song is so great.
The chorus is just so nice to listen to.
4.One on One - 4/5stars I like the beats and the chorus 5. Phatt A55 - 5/5stars haha fun song to sing along to.
The lyrics are fun 6.Best Inspiration - 5/5 stars.
This song is SO GOOD. Possibly my favorite song on the album along with Cliche 7. Ain't Home Tonight - 4/5 stars.
I like this song...but it sounds like another song i know...i kant figure out who....
9. Table For two - 5/5stars Nice feel to the music.
nice music, background beats...
10. Eye on the prize - 5/5stars i give this five stars just because i like the chorus part.
11. Evolution - 5/5stars I love this song!
Nice chill-out feel to it.
12. The End - 4/5stars Starts out slow then picks up, sounds nice.
Cliche, Best Inspiration and Evolution are my favorites.
:D Anyways, overall this is a great album and Venus Malone has a great voice.
Also, it fits perfectly in my collection of "chill-out" music.
Nice relaxation album.
Man, this album is soo good i cannot believe!
After listening to them, i knew i had to get the actual album!
This ceedee is the one ceedee that is actually worth paying for.
Their shows are great too!
they actually sound like themselves wen they play live, not like som other bands who actually cant sing on stage.
anywayz, every one of these songs on the ceedee is gud.
GET IT!
If you like the Who and have a CD player capable of playing NON-HYBRID SACDs, then this one is a no-brainer.
You get ALL of the material from the 2 CD special edition release, but it is in the higher fidelity of SACD and is all on one disc.
What I can tell you is that this release beats the pants off of any incarnation of this recording from the past.
Hearing these tunes in REAL STEREO for the first time is a true revelation.
No longer does the music feel constrained by the mono recording.
It is more like the players are performing on a stage in front of you as opposed to mono's non-dimensionality.
The recording is wonderfully clean and complete with crystal clear feedback.
Moon's cymbals are transparent...his drumwork really stands out on this release.
In fact, all the instruments are much better defined.
Shel Talmy did a superb remastering job...he really cares about these recordings regardless of his professional problems with the Who. YOU HAVE TO PICK UP THIS ONE!!
Raymond and his original group are the real masters of his music although the Beau Hunks are a very close second.
Raymond left no room for error on his recordings and it shows.
The performances are completely polished.
True these all come from 78 RPM sources but they are as good as it gets.
You will NOT be disappointed.
If you only buy one Raymond Scott CD, this MUST be the one to get.
Alice digs it too, and this DVD-Audio release is a real treat.
For this presentation of the career-enhancing LP this turned out to be, Warner and Ezrin have done a terrific job with the original elements.
Super quiet soft passages and reasonably rocking loud ones without a hint of tape hiss, it's all here.
My friends love it, my little brother loves it, my parents love it - you will too!
Led by 17 year old vocalist Hayley Williams, the band also features guitarist Josh Farro, drummer Zac Farro, bassist Jeremy Davis, and rhythm guitarist Hunter Lamb, all under the age of 21. The album starts with "All We Know", a catchy (but straightforward, systemaic) power-pop song.
Farro's guitar in this song is impressive and incredibly catchy, showing that this band will probably be hanging around the scene for awhile.
The song starts slow and then builds into a great chorus as Williams sings "Please don't get me wrong, because I'll never let this go, but I can't find the words to tell you I don't wanna be alone, but now I feel like I don't know you", and then it's right back to the soft guitars and drums.
Definitely one of the better tracks on the album.
Others Escape" by Underoath, because the song starts slow, seems to be another basic song just like the last two, but at the end Josh adds some screams and it really makes for a pumped up ending to the album.
This band has such potential to go far: down-to-earth kids who love to hang out with their fans, catchy albums and they put on a fun and impressive live show (I was very surprised).
I think, if you give this band a couple years, they have a chance to be real heavyweights in the emo/pop-rock scene, and will be selling out large venues soon.
I was so wrong.
What hummable songs and easy listening.
My music find of the year - mesmerizing!
A first-time listener might guess this was an undiscovered gem originating from London, circa 1968. From then on, it becomes a game of "spot-the-reference".
And Brian Leary's voice is the perfect accompaniment to it all, pulling it all together like Rain Parade did in their best moments.
Though Scrapbook resembles 60s psychedelia, it doesn't feel dated in the least; this is no doubt due to the updated post-rock guitar sound that appears throughout.
The albums opus is "Sea Map", which straddles some nether-ground between Led Zeppelin, Bardo Pond and Porcupine Tree. This is balanced by the delicate beauty of "Scrapbook of Madness" and "Satellite Sun".
It's a diverse album, moody, brilliant and completely satisfying.
The album was good enough to make me go and locate all Polyphemus material I could find.
You're going to wish you had this when you find it's no longer available; so do yourself a favor and get it now.
I've heard the first GH album, and it's equally amazing...
It is cool to blow big holes in the side of buildings.
I am also a big fan of shooting the trees down.
The single player has some moments that are kind of funny.
The sound effects are great and accurate, making it seem like you're in a movie (the rip rip rip of the MG42 is what it should be -- alarming).
The visuals and firefights seem great as well, grenade explosions look like they should and the flak being fired into the sky by Germans in fields around you makes it very immersive.
There are many characters to choose from and almost as many fighting styles.
The 8 man tournament possible warrants this purchase.
The only way you will get enjoyment out of this is by doing the tournament with friends.
One good thing about this game is it feature voices from the anime while performing a jutsu.
I get home and put the game in my Wii. The first few minutes I was thinking, "Okay, this is pretty cool."
I played the next day and had fun.
In brief, the graphics are jaw-dropping good for a Wii game and will have you begging for more.
The coloring of the elements are also beautiful.
The movements of all the characters are smooth and defined.
All those combined make SSBB some great eye candy.
Final thoughts: If your a die hard Smash Bros. fan, then you'll like this game.
And it's cool how can travel from the past into the future.
I really wanted to "love" Chaos Legion. It had a lot of the right ingredients for a killer action game - creepy monsters, stylish combos, and lots of frenetic hack-'n'-slash melee fighting.
Fans of the mindless hack-'n'-slash might just like this one as a rental.
"Check your bargain bin" The Game play of this game was done very well.
With very nice execution style moves with the knife i got into it very quick.
This game did have one feature i thought was awesome and it was the Lethality of the "Knife" quickly hitting the right trigger button at the right time would do an instant execute on any soldier and almost any dinosaur(up to the raptor).
Halo has a creative plot, some interesting sets, cool weapons and aliens.
"Been there, done that" Diddy's back and better than ever!
Multiplayer in both the N64 and DS versions of the game are extremely alike, and are good natured fun with friends.
Only some characters can use white magic, some black, some summon, and the rest have their own special attacks.
I like this system much better than junctioning and materia and even espers.
"Amazing" I have an N64 as you already know, and at first the only good game i had was Super Mario 64 and LOZ:OOT. I knew there had to be more games than that.
It is an adventurous game that provides lots of gameplay and excellent graphics Gamplay- Amazing!
Unbelievably great!!!
Graphics- For N64 is was really good!
Sound- Amazing!!!
They definitely improved the sound on the this game compared to banjo kazooie Value- worth every cent!!!
It surprises me how this game is underrated!
I was really surprised the first time I played it.
Even if this game is so underrated, even if so many people think this game is not really good, I'm going to tell you how this game can be great to play!
Gameplay- You'll get the hand of the control really fast and you will finally begin your training as a vampire hunter!
The camera is also easy to master: you press the button it's assigned to and it will come right behind you.
Score: 10/10 Story - Count Dracula has again arisen: Cornell, a strong man-beast, ventures into Castlevania to find his kidnapped sister and to destroy Dracula.
Pretty good story, and if it seems simple, don't worry; you will soon get into it.
But it doesn't end here!
In addition to Count Dracula, Cornell, Reinhardt and Carrie all have a second enemy who will taunt you during the game, so this is no boring story!
Score: 10/10 Graphics - The graphics aren't the best I've ever seen, but they're still quite good looking, and they are by far better than average graphics.
Castlevania really looks like an old castle, and your characters are really well-designed.
The places never look the same, which is a good point.
The lightning effects are particularly good, and so does the fog.
During night time, you can see the red moon up there in the sky, which looks almost real.
The enemies look so real, you really think you have a three-headed dog in front of you:) Score: 9/10 Music/Sound - Though the music might get annoying (sometimes), it's still really great and it fits with the atmosphere of the place you are in. It really makes you ''get into the game''.
There is all kind of music, and depending in which kind of place you are, you can get calm music or rock-like music.
You will have all your time to enjoy it, as there is usually one different music for each different stage in the game.
This makes the game even scarier.
As for the sounds, they are almost perfect.
The lightning sounds really good, and you can hear your character walking, attacking, getting hurt or dying and the enemies moaning, fighting, growling or yelling in pain after they take a hit or die (especially the vampires' death, it sounds so cool!).
Score: 9.5/10 Play Time/Replayability - The good point about this is that you have four characters to complete the game with: each has to take a different path to complete their tasks, so the game will last quite a long time for even a good player.
It depends on how you like the game, but it took me a long time before I even got a little bored.
Score: 8.5/10 Overall score: 9/10 Final Recommendation - Look for it, find it, buy it!!
You're really going to love it, don't think his game is bad, 'cause it's good and you're going to enjoy it.
So if you manage to get your hands on it: you just got one of the greatest game ever!
No, of course not!
It's still a great game, but not the best HM game ever made: they could have made it better.
But, the games still have it good points!
After befriending the Harvest Sprites, they will actually work for you while you sleep!
This new function is really cool, the game continues while you are not even playing!
Also, if you like growing crops and having huge fields of carrots, cabbages, turnips, eggplants, grass, whatever of the many vegetables available, you have plenty of space to work on, 'cause your field is really large!
Another cool thing is that you can choose I you want to be a girl farmer, a boy farmer, a pet cat or a pet dog!
Control: I can't say they're bad; in fact they're pretty easy to use, if only you could carry more things, but they're really good!
Score: 5.5/10 Graphics- Not bad, in fact, I'd say they're pretty good.
Especially the shopkeepers, they're very well designed when you see them in the shops.
Even though they're like “pictures” they still look great like this!
Everything is well colored.
People do look like people!
But that's the only detail I can think of, because, for a Gameboy game, they did pretty well for the graphics!
Not perfect graphics, but extremely good graphics!
Those are good, and they won't bother you before a long time.
Compared to some other games I played, it can rocks.
I have played this game up to level 13 so far and I am very impressed with the later level designs.
There is no doubt that great fun can be had in this game, so you can take what the critics say with a pinch of salt...
If you can live with that, you WILL enjoy this game!
Graphics Abseloutly amazing.
the war torn cities are immensely detailed, the effects are pretty damn good aswell.
definatley buy if you're a C&C fan
Without a doubt the most well designed game I have yet played.
It is NOT a sequel to Starcraft, and it is NOT an AoE rip-off either.
It is the most original RTS game out there, as it adds in a role playing flavor with the advent of Heroes, special characters each of the races have.
Many people claim that the heroes are unbalanced because they are so much better than normal characters, but that is a stupid statement.
They are very powerful, but everyone has 3 of them, and they balance each other, being the same costs/availability.
They each have their roles, and the ways they interact with their allies and opponents is a large part of the game.
All in all I think the game is a sophisticated chess match, and like chess takes many hours to master, so don't buy this game if you are short on time.
The game play is incredible for two reasons.
The first is the Artificial Intelligence, which is amazing.
But the AI that controls your troops in battle, responds to your commands, etc. is probably the best I have ever seen.
The ability to put spells on auto-cast (and the effectiveness of the AI at deploying them) is amazing.
The way troops react is so realistic it is unparalleled.
The second thing that sets this game apart is the 4 races.
No such thing in WarCraft 3. Granted, each faction has similarities.
But the differences are much greater, and so well balanced that you see each faction represented among top players almost equally.
Any race can truly beat any race.
The graphics are sweet.
Even on medium, which I have them on, they look excellent.
But don't get me wrong, the graphics on this game are incredible, I've ran them with a GeForce4 TI 4200 128 mb on high everything it was very impressive.
"Almost, but not quite" So here's my review of Mercenaries 2 World in Flames review for the Xbox 360. I enjoyed this game.
Pros: Fun game play.
You go running around soaking up hundreds of bullets, and killing or destroying anything near you.
Big selection of military vehicles.
Good graphics.
However, in sunny VZ, the game looks nice.
Also, the explosions look great.
Airstrikes are great, fun, and you'll always have them.
It's fun to get a sports car, or monster truck delivered to you in the middle of a battle.
However, Mercs 2 was fun, and I did enjoy it.
The greatest spectacle in sports-entertainment is back!
WWF WrestleMania X8's original gameplay engine recreates all the action, excitement and tradition WWF fans have come to love.
Experience the intensity and exhilaration of professional wrestling as you step onto the mat to fight the most brutal band of brawlers around.
Master each Superstar's unique wrestling style and turn the tide of the match through a combination of counters, reversals and bone-shattering finishing moves.
Play as top WWF Superstars including newcomers Rob Van Dam, Booker T, DDP,Hurricane, and now thq has said that Kevin Nash and Scott Hall and Hollywood Hulk Hogan that's right the NWO will be in the game now.
Compete in six different venues including SmackDown!, Raw and the ultimate extravaganza, WrestleMania.
Finally, relive the rich history surrounding WrestleMania and compete for championship glory through a host of match types including death-defying TLC matches or legendary Hell in a Cell match-ups.
"Immersive" The games still great after months of playing.
Even those who don't like star wars will love the great story.
The controls are spot on.
As with all star wars games the sound is great but, the voice acting especially shines.
The ability to chose the dark side or light side through random killing or giving a way money is beautiful.
Plenty of force powers and items to use.
Plus full customization of your character.
Bottom line love Star wars get it.
Love RPG's get it.
The Good: it's a fun co-op game & SP game (never tried PvP).
Huge world with beautiful graphics.
Fun and distinctive classes.
A lot of humor and interesting quests if you take time to read them.
Huge cities within the world.
If you liked Diablo and Titan Quest, I have no doubt you'll like this game.
On the positive side, Tierney's got a smooth narrative style, and the book might make a nice novel.
As an avid Koontz fan (that sounds nasty, doesn't it) I enjoyed "Demon Seed." I haven't read all his stuff and almost passed this one up because, um, "Demon Seed"?!?
It has all of the Koontz humor and quirky dialog.
Recommended, if only because its a very short read.
I must admit, my initial hesitation was unwarranted.
Rowling's come a long way, her writing is quite eloquent now.
Rowling weaves a fascinating story that I can see why countless children and teens live by and love the Harry Potter series, making it their generational mantra.
While many of his comic work feels dated at times, this early Urban Fantasy (because what else can I call it?)
still feels fresh, amazingly so when I think what an early take on the Urban Fantasy genre this is.
I wish everyone could read what they say about the feedlot fattening operations - I think many would be inspired to seek out free range meat.
Likewise with the heirloom vegetables.
But it's remarkable how well Mill's thoughts about the mechanics of the economy, and how they affect the fabric of society, have aged.
Mill's "Principles" are required reading for everyone seriously interested in the history of economic thought.
Hop and Pop by Dr. Seuss is an interesting book.
It has a lot of rhyming words and some good humor in the story.
I think that he has more rhyming words than the rhyming dictionary.He also draw great pictures that really describe the scene in the book.
It also very exciting to kids 3-6 years old.
I read the book and like it very much.
I wonder how he thought of all that rhymes.
First let me tell you I try to read a chapter every day.
It has found a home in my purse.
My husband also loved this book.
I got it back a couple days later with post-it note hanging out on all sides!
Notes he had written included, "You do this now but I suggest . . . I think we do this but the employees need a refresher course . . . Great idea, can you do this . . . etc. We have discussed when our children are out of school, perhaps there is spot in the business for my husband--gotta keep the regular pay check.
After reading The Profitable Retailer, and listening to his ideas, he might just be ready to tackle retail world.
We know why this book was honored with the 2005 Los Angeles Times Book Award for science/technical writing.
Wohlforth cheerfully tackles the deep fog of climate science (even some of the career scientists he interviews seem hopelessly befuddled by the complexity of it).
But he approaches it both as a journalist who makes his living by storytelling, and as a father used to gently encouraging his four bright, curious children to understand their world.
He can distill a century of mind-numbing bench science into a metaphor that his 10-year old can understand and that readers of all ages will appreciate.
To get the story he drops into whaling expeditions and arctic research explorations with equal aplomb by chipping in and becoming one of the team.
(The comparison is not unlike the cinematographers who capture on film the drama of a Mt. Everest ascent: the only way to get the picture is to strap on the gear and make the climb themselves, right alongside the adventurers they're filming.)
Getting and telling the story is what Wohlforth knows how to do.
In his book, he captivates us by telling us what his "characters" know how to do.
Read this book and prepare to be moved and enlightened, just as you will be charmed by the people whose lives, livelihoods, and ways of knowing are as diverse as the environment itself.
Economic Revolution - A Spiritual Solution by J. Kendall Anderson, M.Ed. [...] With the economy in the tank and President Obama working harder than a Jamaican cook, this book is just what the recession ordered.
The book tells one how to "get paid" in a spiritual way.
It's amazing that a book written a little more than two decades ago can still be relevant and current.
Perhaps even more current given the current economic crisis.
Still it's clear that the author loves his "people," and all races of people, as he gives solid advice to young, black men as to selling drugs--he tells them that the job of a low rate drug dealer pays nothing more than minimum wage.
This slim book is an interesting quick read.
While I read the book from cover-to-cover, it would work best as a resource for anyone studying the OT. Kevin Vanhoozer sets the tone of the book early by writing a masterful introduction.
Strong points * Each chapter follows a similar format which helps the reader know what to expect.
While each author may adapt his style a little differently, the content layout remains the same.
* Each chapter looks to see how we can relate the OT books to the New Testament, specifically to Jesus. * The book is highly readable.
The goal was to teach the reader, not impress them or bore them.
* The book is well researched.
Most authors examine all angles of interpretation through the ages and give a decent bibliography at the end of each chapter.
My conclusion is, this is a great book and would benefit any library.
This is not one of those books you would simply read once and pass on.
You could return to it for information over and over again.
I think it should be read by any serious Bible student as well as any casual Bible reader.
I give it 4 out of 5 stars.
Good work.
I really enjoyed this book.
Pace gives us many tips and access to research to help us deal cross-gender.
Overall, it was a good book.
I enjoyed reading sections aloud to my wife and more than once getting that "ah-ha!"
moment as I found something that related both to business practices, and my personal relationships.
I give this book 4 out of five stars.
The book is short in duration, easy to read, direct in nature, often with an aggitated voice and written as if a sermon or speech.
Regardless the era, the subject matter is relevant (Corporate crime).
The soldier is a Marine which ads credibility from a leadership tradition know for its 'fighting spirit'.
Although oppinion, the basis of his oppinions are based in factual information and with anticipated counter aurguements addressed in advanced.
Credibility of the author is based in the duration of his career and notariaty.
The marine Brigadier General is the US militaries most honor soldier, having recieved 2 Medals of Honor and 1 Brevet Medal (No longer issued, akin to the Medal of Honor).
Regardless, the author proposes several solid ideas to remove the economic incentives out of war and create policies which deny officials the coercive practices and threatening posturing of military forces against other foriegn governments for other than national defense (which said practices are used for economic coercion).
This book is useful for younger audiences.
This book is a good example of how courageous personal action (whistle blowing) can overcome a broader trend towards pervasive and powerful corruption and may inspire what is popularly called "civil disobedience" for righteous causes.
I recomend this book among others such as "Collateral Damage" by Chris Hodges to all those who are inspired by patriotic propaganda to join the armed uniformed services.
The authors observations will give credence to the gutt reaction of many towards war: that their is much lacking in it's purpose, morality and worthiness with hopes that its text will motivate us as a people to raise the bar of restraint and accountability of our elected officals as it relates to war and war profiteering.
For many it will confirm that "War is a Racket" (The author explains exactly what he means by this statment) and I percieve that a vast majority would agree with the author on his definition.
I am upon writting this rewiew, impressed by how much such simple and short text has inspired me to think and how effective so few words can be at presenting such profound and compelling ideas for peace and prosperity.
I would say this book encourages.
This book is recommendable to all if not quit a 'must read' and worthy of referencing current political, business and military discussions.
Then I read this book, gave its simple plan a try and realized less than two weeks later that my back pain was gone.
Try it, give it a shot, and for a few bucks you may find that you've got your back back!
Prospective novelists and fiction writers, the King of Pop Fiction has spoken!
This book should be right on your shelf next to Strunk and White, another writing manual that King references often in the pages of On Writing.
King speaks authoritatively on his subject - as well he should, with volume after volume of best-selling fiction to his credit.
The beginning of the book is a fascinating, funny look at how King's own career took flight.
He speaks candidly about his youth, his addictions, and his career, giving much credit to wife Tabitha for her contributions to both his writing and his sanity.
King saves the most harrowing prose for the book's closing chapter, where he describes in detail the accident that almost took his life, and the role his writing has played in his recovery.
Like, love or loathe his fiction, you'll find a wealth of solid advice in this little book.
Would-be writers: avoid at your peril.
A gem. Buy it.
Read it.
Then read it again.
What are you waiting for?
With the perfect blend of honesty, humor, and humble wisdom, A Million Miles inspires readers to create a new story--a better story.
He and Susan Isaacs did a great job.
If the tour visits your city, don't miss it.
I am grateful, then, for Dr. Emerson Eggerichs' book, The Language of Love and Respect: Cracking the Communication Code with Your Mate (Thomas Nelson).
My husband and I have read several marriage books over the years...some good, some bad, and one so terrible that Andy actually threw it across the bedroom into the trashcan...but Love and Respect is our favorite, by far.
It just makes sense.
Biblical sense.
But the biblical, practical advice in The Language of Love and Respect helps us speak one another's language, and grow a God-honoring marriage.
Another great book from a great author.
"Leviathan" weaves fact and fiction together to make a great story.
I was sorry to have the story come to an end and can't wait until the sequel comes out.
The idea of a 'comic book' movie is implemented well I must say.
There are only two scenes that I enjoyed in this entire film.
A good idea done right by television standards, and well worth watching for free.
Darkness Falls felt like a Tales From The Crypt or an RL Stein's: Goosebumps episode.
And if you rate it along those lines, then it would have been good, and very much talked about.
There was some degree of praise to Jennifer Connelly.
Too bad, 'cause the visual fireworks were great.
I liked this film.
but the moive has it's high points, the CGI is great and the Dragon fights were amazing.
The entire Mage counsel building is majestic, and the cotumes and make up are great as well.
The maze scene will take you back in time to your old days of playing "Dungeons and Dragons"...
it's really great.
Of the women Edita Gruberova, as you would expect, gives the overall polished performance, her pure voice ringing out like a bell with never a hint of a screech.
The set itself is of highly polished architectural splendour and so in keeping with the period of the opera as indeed are the costumes, not exaggerated or over sumptuous and all the better for that.
However the only smart thing was the BDSM-club, a sense of self-awareness, with all the leather and plastic and black, and oh so fetishly dressed actors.
First off the CG (as I expected) is gorgeous to say the least.
If you're a fan of the game you'll be happy to know that the movie recreates it's futuristic world to a tee.
The beautiful church with the flower pile will give you some nostalgia if you're a fan of the series, as with the infamous although brief "bathing of Aeris" scene (Aerith if you live in Japan).
The characters themselves are immaculately detailed and are representative of their in game counterparts, and the free flowing clothing and hair on each of them will make you say "wow" at least once.
The effects in the action segments are noteworthy as well, featuring vibrant colors and creative lighting.
Being a big fan of Nobuo Uematsu, I was overall pleased with his work in this movie.
Well get this chemical makeup: Stunning and popular star Lara Flynn Boyle overtly titillating us and wearing skimpy outfits even including a bikini(!), Timothy Hutton, habitual scene stealer Oliver Platt during younger and thinner days, superstar Faye Dunaway, and Steven Webber from the TV show "Wings." How's that for voltage?
Add in a proven plotline with a long pedigree (Hand that rocks the cradle, Single White Female, many more), some great whacky dialog, and top it off with the inspired idea of a corporate thriller set in a cookie company with the climax in an industrial kitchen, and yeah...I'll bank that.
How could you possibly lose?
Actually I really like this movie, even just watching it straight.
So with that in mind, you could look at it as one of the "so bad it's good" genre, and it does succeed on that level.
It actually has a lot of good stuff in it.
For example: One of my favorite literary devices is the "buddy thing," which is an entertainment staple: Laurel and Hardy, Skipper and Gilligan, Kip and friend in Bosom Buddies, Balky and Larry in "Perfect Strangers," etc. This movie features that, but in four directions: Hutton and his boss, Hutton and his buddy (Webber), Hutton and his rival (Platt), Hutton and Boyle. Lots of fun there.
The highlight for me is some of the whacky dialog, which I'm still quoting years later.
And one of the greatest lines ever: "Good gosh how hard can it be?
Wonderful stuff.
Finally, it's no surprise that Hutton and Platt both turn in performances that are well worth watching.
This is one of the best superhero film ever beside spider man 2. I actually found this better than spider man because it was more realistic and didn't look as animated.
But I thought the acting of Ioan Gruffudd was the best for his portrayal of Mr.Fantastic (Reed Richards).
She still looked hot though.
Oh well I still loved this movie!
9/10. Ps Go see this great movie!
BLADE RUNNER (DIRECTOR'S CUT) (1982) **** Harrison Ford, Rutger Hauer, Sean Young, Edward James Olmos, Brion James, William Sanderson, Daryl Hannah, Joanna Cassidy, M. Emmett Walsh, Joe Turkel. Visually atmospheric histrionics set the bleak setting of futuristic hell in Los Angeles of the dour "blade runner" Deckard bounty hunting renegade replicants led by psychopathic android Roy Batty (appropriately named and Hauer's best performance of his career) out to terminate his maker.
Iconoclastic blend of sci-fi and film noir with dazzling set design.
Visionary film-making at its best.
My favorite lines: James as Leon to Ford's Deckard in a compromising position: 'Wake up.
during the climactic climb atop The Bradbury Building, as well as his improvised "like tears in rain" speech which always gets me.
THE LOST CITY (2006) *** Andy Garcia, Ines Sastre, Tomas Milian, Enrique Murciano, Bill Murray, Dustin Hoffman, Millie Perkins, Nestor Carbonell, Steven Bauer, Richard Bradford, Dominik Garcia-Lorido, Julio Oscar Mechosa, Juan Fernandez, Elizabeth Pena, William Marquez, Tony Plana, (Dir: Garcia) Andy Garcia's Bittersweet Valentine To Cuba Andy Garcia has always been a favorite of mine to watch on screen, with his fiery, impassionate no-holds-barred, cool-as-a-cucumber performances with both excessive and implosive turns and his passion is now on full display in his directorial debut, a valentine to his beloved homeland Cuba. Garcia stars as Fico Fellove, a nightclub owner and musician in Havana, circa 1958, on the cusp of the Cuban revolution and a drastic turn of historical events that will forever change his heart and soul.
Garcia does an admirable job in capturing the flavor of the late 1950s look of the imbroglio-to-be with an elegant production design created by Waldemar Kalinowski and gorgeous cinematography by Emmanuel Kadosh that does justice to his ideal yet struggling nation under fire.
His entrance alone is worth the price of admission in a seersucker suit (trousers altered to shorts for the humid climes) and a panama hat.
BATMAN BEGINS (2005) **** Christian Bale, Liam Neeson, Katie Holmes, Michael Caine, Cillian Murphy, Gary Oldman, Morgan Freeman, Tom Wilkinson, Rutger Hauer, Ken Watanabe, Mark Boone Junior, Linus Roache. Excellent prequel 'origin' of The Dark Knight that adds fresh blood to a weakened franchise thanks largely to the unlikely POW!
BAM! combo of indie filmmaker Christopher Nolan and Bale (with an intense, brooding yet vulnerable turn and a fine jaw for the infamous cowl to boot!)
as billionaire heir Bruce Wayne hellbent for vengeance for the murder of his parents which leads him on a journey of redemption from the brutal Asian prison camp after taking a nowhere-to-go downward spiral attempt at crime where he encounters the mysterious Henri Ducard (a suitable Neeson) and the ninja-training from guru of vigilantism Ra's Al Ghul (an imposing Watanabe) laying the foundation to his inner turmoil exploited into an iconic hero to thwart the evil in Gotham. Watching all the jigsaw puzzle pieces interlock from the beginnings of Wayne's brainy conceit of the Batsuit to the Humvian Batmobile are giddy joys for the inner fanboy of every squandered youth.
A sound cast of international bravado (Caine as Alfred, the butler, Wayne's manservant/father figure, adds a dash of subtle observations and common sense; Freeman as Wayne Enterprises' best kept secret displaying the varying degrees of know-how and Bat-phenalia; Oldman as a young (soon-to-be Commissioner) Jim Gordon – apparently the only honest cop on the force has a few nice subtle moments of awe and cunning; silky Murphy as Dr. Jonathan Crane AKA The Scarecrow; Wilkinson as ganglord Carmine Falcone affecting a New Yorkese dialect tuff guy demeanor; Hauer as a reptilian board chairman of Wayne's empire with oily ease); sterling production design by Nathan Crowley envisioning Gotham City as "New York on steroids", the dank cinematography by Wally Pfister, and reimagining of the stealthy costumed Caped Crusader by designer Lindy Hemming combine for a robust display of ingenuity.
The wraithlike incarnation of the man into batsuit avenger is a thing of Gothic beauty (echoing the Tim Burton and Frank Miller conceit) expertly designed by screenwriter David S. Goyer (the "Blade" trilogy to name just three successful comic book to screen adaptations) with Nolan flexes the mind, muscle and sardonic humor quintessential to a truly American original hero.
Arguably the best of the Batman films and highly entertaining; what more can you ask for when you see a flying Batman soar over the glassy plains of Gotham!
** see this on the IMAX and all I can say is : wow!
Five words: a 90 foot Katie Holmes; how can you go wrong!!
: Keaton shines in his love of the game turn Michael Keaton is one of my favorite (and largely underrated) actors.
He hasn't been making a lot of films in the past few years but whenever he pops up you immediately are focused on his kinetic energy, the arched eyebrows not unlike Nicholson's (side note: I always thought it was divine intervention when they were cast in BATMAN since they had so many mirror image physical ties!)
and glib, self-deprecating wit that acts as a shield from his inner demons his characters often try to keep at bay.
His latest is no exception.
Nicky Rogan (Keaton) is facing many cross-roads: his new play is about to premiere on Broadway but Rogan's dilemma is whether to avoid the possible public crucifixion by the notorious critic Steven Schwimmer (Downey in a wonderfully daffy turn) whose perchance for theatricality (he attends his works in masquerade since he has been virtually vilified by all who know him) sharpening his fangs to sink into his baby or watch the drama unfolding of his aforementioned team in the defining moment of baseball.
Along the way he is avoiding his family, namely his wife Lillian (the equally gifted O'Hara) who is requesting a divorce and their teenage daughter Laurel (a great Graynor) whose dabbling into the punk era underscores her dad's rebellious nature in namely a heated affair with Joanna Bourne (a nubile Neuwirth) who is also giving Nicky an ultimatum.
To make matters worse he runs into an old colleague, Elliot Litvak (an unkempt and funny Dunne) who is downward spiraling fast after a devastating debacle in the form of his last attempt at a play that was skewered by the hated Schwimmer to the point Litvak can quote chapter and verse of the bilious critique that has him fixated to the extent of dementia.
Filmmaker Hoffman does a yeoman-like job in getting fine quality performances from his gifted ensemble and in his star, Keaton gets a few juicy yet low-key turns as well balancing the tension that is leading to a possible fall-out.
Smartly shot on location in Manhattan the city acts as a character as it normally does providing just enough backdrop to its proceedings at hand.
DeLillo has a fine gift for his literations and the parallel of Nicky's play - a quasi-autobiography about his relationship with his working class dad - with Nicky's family life shows a man, flawed, yet genuinely wanting to make things work.
The same can be said of this little gem of a film.
THE TV SET (2007) *** David Duchovny, Sigourney Weaver, Ioan Gruffudd, Judy Greer, Fran Kranz, Lindsay Sloane, Justine Bateman, Lucy Davis, Willie Garson, MC Gainey, Philip Baker Hall, Andrea Martin. Tart Satire of TV; Duchovny Gives Great Deadpan Jake Kasdan's latest satire, "THE TV SET", is a pitch perfect , dead-on depiction of the myopic vision of American television which has become a vast wasteland of so-called 'reality' shows and mean-spirited game shows when in essence, the true pillars of its foundation, the scripted format is on the wane.
To wit: veteran scribe Mike Klein (Duchovny giving deadly dead-pan, is a study in noble rot) is desperately trying to get his current project "The Wexler Chronicles", a dramedy based in part of his real-life brother's suicide's affect on him, past the pilot stage for the fictitious Panda Network (think CW lite) and the biggest hurdle is vacuous, yet tenaciously 'my way or the highway' Lenny (Weaver, a dry riot), a harpy in a suit, who is not Mike's biggest fan but has her current junior exec Richard McAllister (Gruffudd in a modulated turn of a decent guy in a deceptive business), a Brit late of the BBC, whose come to LA for the network to give a fresh perspective on the new crop of shows for the seasonal line-up.
Kasdan layers everything with a touch of stinging wit, caustic dialogue, and unbelievable accuracy of how some people truly are so incredibly dense to the matters of the creative process it's a true wonder how the hell they got so far (let alone dressed themselves in the morning and made the effort at a daily life!)
FACTOTUM (2006) ***1/2 Matt Dillon, Lili Taylor, Marisa Tomei, Fisher Stevens, Didier Flamand, Karen Young, Adrienne Shelly. (Dir: Brent Hamer) Dynamite Dillon excels in Bukowski adaptation Matt Dillon, believe it or not, is one of the more versatile American actors around since his hey-day cocksure anti-heroes of the '80s ("Rumble Fish", "The Outsiders") who can do it all, comedy ("There's Something About Mary") and drama ("Crash" which earned him a Best Supporting Actor nomination last year) and he continues his journeyman vocation with a humdinger performance running the gamut of human emotions.
Along for the ride in one jaunt is Jan (Taylor nicely balancing the destitute of Chinaski with her own unique blend of shabbiness), a loose woman Henry falls for and wind up sharing space and libations until the money runs out.
Newcomer Hamer allows his actors plenty of room in the seemingly improvisatory sequences of dry humor sprinkled out (he co-adapted with Jim Stark, one of the film's producers) and absurd twists to a scene (Dillon's laid-back narration sparks many of the underscored moments of hilarity at hand – ie explaining Jan's shoddy car's lack of functioning headlights only to work when the equally malfunctioning springs to the car in affect bounce them on!)
A good combination of a skilled director with some interesting compositions and his actors having fun in the process (Tomei is a loopy lush in a glorified cameo and Stevens as a degenerate gambler befriended by Dillon).
Kudos to the grimy yet clear-eyed cinematography by John Christian Rosenlund, Eve Cauley's earth tone sepias production design and the right-on-the-money period costume design by Tere Duncan giving it a timeless late '50s – early '60s vibe.
But again it is Dillon who gives an Oscar worthy turn as the charming, irritable and barely awake Chinaski that deserves recognition proving there is more to meet the eye in the once –thought-of-one-trick-pony that Dillon was initially perceived for his heavy Brooklyn accent and blank brooding good looks; he does his best work since changing that tune with "Drugstore Cowboy" and hope he continues his trek of good fortune unlike Henry Chinaski.
The perfectly edited shower scene (the blade never pierces the flesh!)
by Geroge Tomasini, Bernard Herrmann's screeching violins score and the all-together ookie finale are American classics in every sense of the word.
Months have passed and apparently Keane has been plagued by his absolute guilt in allowing her to be taken from him that it has affected (or possibly triggered) a panicky, inner voice that speaks to him (or more accurately has him speaking aloud to himself either calming his fear or invoking more paranoia) as he wanders seemingly aimless in the unforgiving way station (a perfect metaphor for his situation), replete with a tattered news clipping about his missing daughter that he waves to unsuspecting passersby and pedestrians alike milling about their daily chores of going back and forth to work or another destination.
One day Keane sees a single mother and child (Ryan and Breslin, both excellent) arguing with the desk clerk over money and he ingratiates himself by offering her a hundred dollars to get her by (earlier he is shown in a near similar sequence) and Lynn and Kira invite him over the next night for a takeout dinner.
Filmmaker Lodge Kerrigan has created a truly amazing, deeply felt emotional roller coaster exploring the inner corridors of mental health, family values and the human condition that he touched base on a similar theme in his stunning debut in 1994 with "CLEAN, SHAVEN" featuring a schizophrenic (character actor Peter Greene, best known as the racist/rapist doomed Zed in "PULP FICTION") attempting to keep his demons at bay in his search for a daughter he never met.
Kerrigan films his troubled protagonist at a too-close-for comfort distance in which the hand-held camera gives the theme and film a scary immediacy ; you want to root for Keane but not get that close to the turmoil broiling inside.
The real miracle is Lewis who in a perfect world would be a natural bet for a Best Actor nod (and win) but this independent film is small in scale (and distribution so far despite it being executive produced by acclaimed filmmaker Steven Soderbergh).
Lewis, who shined in HBO's mini-series "BAND OF BROTHERS" and was the best thing in "DREAMCATCHER", a British actor who uncannily channels an American accent every time, is an underrated thespian who truly gives a stunning, shocking and ultimately sympathetic performance.
Sure he has all the staples of a 'crazy' role: talking to himself, sudden outbursts of near-violent rage, crying himself to sleep etc. but he never allows this to overtake the fact that William was a human being and that this tragic turn of events has him in a stranglehold only fueled by his desire to be free of this ongoing (and possibly self-afflicted) curse.
We are never 100% certain if in fact he had a daughter but I'd hedge my bets that Kerrigan is too sharp to fool his audience into false beliefs (I recognized one gut-wrenching clue when William mentions to a ticket clerk he lost his daughter on September 11th) particularly Lewis' gentle interplay with the natural born Breslin, a very excellent young actress who also shines in her sad, shy Kira, a child who is suffering as well inside and eventually blossoms into happiness and can see that there is more than meets the eye with William (who's final act has all the suspense of a melodramatic thriller in what the audience fears his truth to become).
The words "I love you" have never resonated so much overwhelming emotion that if you are not in tears then you my friend are not human.
Never before in my 22 years of film reviewing have I had the experience of having a fellow audience member turn to me as the first end credits began to ask me "What do you think happens to him?"
proves to be the mark of a first-rate filmmaker.
Emphatically one of the year's best films and one that you need to seek out for the performance of the year.
Shane Black is back in a big way.
Well Black took a self-imposed sabbatical (ie he was considered a pariah and he had a near mental breakdown due to depression) and managed to get his s*%% together to make a fine comeback in this his directorial debut that delivers just what the smart-ass title suggests not so subtly.
Based loosely on a novel by Brett Halliday, "Bodies Are Where You Find Them", the story focuses on small-time petty New York City criminal Harold "Harry" Lockhart (Downey also making a fine comeback to comedy in a well-suited performance tailor made for his fast-talking, sharp minded spite) who winds up an unlikely actor wanna be when a Christmas-time burglary attempt has the pursued by cops Harry bolting unannounced into a late-night film audition where he finds himself overwrought with guilt of his partner's demise which adds hilarity to his 'motive' when he reads the script shoved into his hands which just happens to be a policier (!) and the casting agent Dabney Shaw(funnyman scene-stealer Miller) hires him on the spot.
Harry is next whisked to sunny LA by Shaw for meet-and-greets to create serious buzz and enlists the unexpected thief a lesson to be a detective with Shaw's for hire gumshoe "Gay" Perry (Kilmer equally having a ball and a natural flair for tongue-in-cheek humor), a tougher than he appears homosexual who is reluctant to have the flaky Harry tag-along to get notes for his 'character'.
Enter equally unlikely meet-cute Harmony Faith Lane (the luscious Monahan, who makes a sexy funny performance cook to perfection) a childhood friend from Harry's past who shows up at a party that both Harry and Perry are attending for Shaw. Seems Lane has always pursued her dream to be an actress and ever since they were kids playing magician and assistant (guess who and guess who) she came to La-La-Land with little fanfare and a broken heart.
Black's sharp, skewered and outrageous humor percolates like a heady witches' brew of goofy insouciance effortlessly in the hardboiled tradition of Raymond Chandler which he spoofs with the wry narration Downey does throughout and upending the apple cart of the pulpy fiction noir genre with gleeful gusto.
The two leads are funny, fast-witted – like a modern day Hope & Crosby with cool to spare and do the best work they've both done in recent memory.
Downey makes an affective coward/jerk/good-hearted schnook while Kilmer coasts on his pretty boy charms with a nod to straight men like Bud Abbott and Dean Martin – street smarts and flair to spare.
Monaghan proves also to hold her own and has a deft comic timing too and being easy on the eyes sure as hell doesn't hurt.
Her obsession over a fictional pulp fiction private eye man of action "Johnny Gossamer" is a running joke and shows just how much Black loves the thrill of the hunt in this go-for-broke popcorn flick with excessive pyrotechniques and obvious lifting from Tony Scott (kudos to cinematographer Michael Barrett and editor Jim Page for their splendid over-the-top skills).
Fast, fleet –footed and funny as hell the film runs on all cylinders damn the hard-to-follow loony plottings; who cares - check it out just for the hell of it!
On the first look, the bag is great.
Small, but roomy inside.
Very good deviders and great to set up the way you need for your specific camera and equipment.
The material is durable and the bag looks good.
Pros: this is a very attractive sportband.
It has slot of neat features such as the snap clip for the armband that will male it easy to loosen and tighten the armband on demand.
It also has the cable wrap for your headphone so it won't get into the way while exercising.
THAT feature is great!
Makes the headset easy to carry along with cellphone, without throwing it in my purse and accidentally having it turn on and call back the last number dialed.
Also it sits nicely on a countertop, making the set less easy to lose.
The headset itself easily turns on and off (which sounds like a simple function, but wasn't all that easy on my previous two Bluetooths).
Now, even so, this is a good camera.
1. The colors are natural and accurate.
2. The pictures are amazingly clear.
3. The auto-focus is next-to-perfect.
4. The battery life is impressive.
I would take in excess of 100 (more even) shots without a recharge fully using the lcd screen.
5. The screen size is a pleasure.
6. It's fast!
Okay, my conclusion is this: this camera is a beautifully engineered piece of camera.
It's amazing.
I've been using the Treo 700W for three months and I absolutely love the set of features it offers.
The wireless sync for email/calendar/contacts/notes with the desktop works perfectly.
The media player, wireless internet connection and camera are nice too.
I can create play lists in Windows Media Player on my desktop and when I connect the Treo using the USB cable my play lists are automatically synced to the storage card.
When it does work it's incredible -- you push the button on the wired headset and say the right command and you can play music, call any one of your contacts, and I believe you can do other things I haven't tried yet.
Bento is a smart, convenient database for the non-power user.
Within its limitations it's excellent, interacting automatically with other apps (like iCal and Address Book) on the Mac. It also simplifies database use in general for those of us intimidated by full FileMaker.
On the plus side, there are buttons to program for radio stations and this is done like in the car.
and I think it is pretty.
The webcam works as advertised - with really crappy lighting, it still managed to show my face comfortably, and worked well with various messaging software.
To be fair, the MF6595 works flawlessly with all Windows operating systems, including Windows 7 Release Candidate.
Windows support includes a wonderful installer that automatically locates all networked printers and installs the correct drivers for them (which is nice since we have 2 other canon printers in our office: IR1023 and a 4080 with H1 attachment).
The printer itself works great.
It's fast, printer high quality black and whites, and the scan function is fine if you're not doing too many sheets at once.
Hookup was easy and after dealing with a few issues caused by norton blocking the connection to the drive we are all good to go.
It's cool looking, super quiet, and a very small form factor.
The software they provide is pretty...
Love the drive...
This computer is amazing!!
The 4gb of RAM makes it fly when using any program and the hard drive is huge.
There is enough room to store my whole music collection plus many photos.
Also the media keys are very conveinent when listening to music or watching a movie.
The design is pretty cool and it is available in a variety of colors.
The widescreen makes the screen seem so much bigger than my old laptop which was also 15.4" but not widescreen.
The WiFi connected to the internet instantly and the bluetooth helped me trannsfer my pictures and videos from my phone onto my computer.
The battery also lasts 4 hours on power saver mode!
But that is very minor and the computer is all around a great computer and I would recommend it to everyone who's looking to buy a new computer!!
Pros: You already know the great features.
12X zoom, 8MP, etc.. no need to repeat.
The Bottom Line: Buy this camera, and if you haven't taken a decent picture before, this will make you look like a pro!
After researching and comparing this camera (fz30) with others in this price range and higher, I decided to buy the Panasonic DMC FZ30. After two weeks of picture takin' and putting the camera through some of it's many features, (it has features galore!).
I must say this camera is AWESOME.
Truly fantastic pictures.
Even a little child will take beautiful pictures with this camera if he/she is able to set it to AUTO. But like all electronic equipment, (LCD, HDTV, TV monitors, and digcams), you have to adjust the controls (PICT.ADJ) to get the best picture, or a picture set to your personal preference; you know-contrast, brightness, sharpness, etc... well, the FZ30 has controls that when adjusted properly, practically eliminates the so called 'noise' problem.
Well, simply learning how to adjust a few menu options in the FZ30 and learning when and how to use the appropriate accessories will get you almost the same results with the FZ30 a $500.00 camera as with a $5000. camera.
Yes, for the money and features this is the best of the bunch.
It does all you ask of it and more.
But it does comes close if you know what you're doing!
The others have been going strong and they don't use much battery power.
Also, the unit is about the size of a TV remote and I believe the large size keeps it from walking away.
Set-up took 10 minutes and I didn't need support from Slingbox.
I am shocked how good the picture is even when the broadband is slow.
I have connected on PC's and Mac's and even connected on my Treo (which was amazingly good quality).
I would highly recommend this to all.
Back to the I-trigues; the more I listened to them, the better they started to sound.
The soundstage has gotten wider and the sound, more detailed; quite unbelievable considering the narrow profile of the speakers.
I like the wired remote w/ volume and bass controls & headphone and line-in jacks.
Overall, very impressive speakers.
They also look great next to my 20" monitor w/ their tall slender appearance.
HD tv channels look great, kinda upset that I didn't switch to LCD earlier but also glad because the price is SOOO reasonable.
Definitely recommend this to anyone looking to get a great LCD for a low price.
This even drew compliments from my brother who has a panasonic plasma.
Really enjoy that each input has its own settings (example: input 1 (xbox) I have DCM turned off.
Pros: Everything - seriously - stop looking and buy this.
Pros- This I3 is actually a limited I7, and it's the processor apple was going to use in its 13inch Macbook, but it was too expensive to upgrade the rest of the components to match.
Its 50 percent more powerful than a similar turon or core 2 duo of the same specs., and it outperforms both the Macbook air 13inch, $1700,, and Macbook pro $1499, in fact the I5 simply allows for more end use ram, and virtual processors, a feature yet to be taken advantage of for most users, but one necessary for future proofing, and currently, for high end, graphic intensive software.
I'm saying that except for those last two things I mentioned, and the fact that its running windows – this baby matches the power of a 2200 dollar Mac book.
Its got 1696 video memory compared to my Macs 512, a 7200 rpm drive compared to the Macs 5200, both have led screens, but the Macs got 1280 by 800 compared to this which has only 1366 by 768 – though it doesn't seem to matter.
Both have great displays.
This lets you know that your actually running this thing easy, and that it can handle even the toughest jobs.
Its screen, a 720p led, actually outperforms my 1080p Sony LCD laptop visually.
Lastly its case is fingerprint free, its speakers are movie experience loud, hard to find on a laptop and its HDMI de ...
Simple to set up and use.
FM function allows you to play music on your phone through your car stereo.
Nice touch.
Connected to radio first time with no problems.
If you love movie sound tracks, pop remixes, or soft edged dance music, you might enjoy this CD.
The jazz into on the instrumental song is the best part of this whole album.
Some elements still exist - "Poles Apart" and "Coming Back To Life" are strong efforts on this album.
On disc one you have the beautiful vocals of Barbara Tucker with 'Beautiful People'.
From there, there are sure-fire classics from Kim English, De'Lacy, Lovetribe, Bucketheads and Basement Jaxx. Disc two includes some of my personal classics from Njoi, My Friend Sam and after months of trying to find 'Perfect Motion' in it's entirity it ends up on this collection, which I have to take my hat off to HK for.
Rounding off the album are some great end of the night belters from X-Press 2, Alcatraz and Grace. I've been ever increasingly worried about the quality of the compilations coming out of HK towers of late.
I still give it 3 stars because the music itself is good if not great.
If you like militaristic dnb and are unfamiliar with all of Dieselboy's other works, you'll love this album.
Billy Preston's tinkling piano and Jerry Portnoy's wonderful harp provide the musical highpoints.
I must say this album really grew on me when I saw the DVD. In my books the music gets a 5 star rating, for sure it was off the chain.
The lyrics of Commissioned gets a 5 star rating because they didn't compromise their message with the world, their message was design to uplift your spirit so I must say thank you Commissioned for being a part of my childhood life, your music lives on and on!!
The result is anything but ordinary.
Her voice is silky and direct, and her lyric smart and direct.
This is pure soul--its naked bearing, its deep hurt, its highest joys.
The song, "To Zion," merits owning the album alone.
In this tribute to her son Hill brings the listener to tears and expresses in a few short minutes what soul music is really about--its essence; a mother of music, indeed.
Simply amazing.
Apoptygma Berzerk gets better with each album, artfully programming a solid pop sensibility with cutting edge danceteria and gothadustrial seasonings.
*Welcome to Earth* is a no holes barred pop dance explosion of the romantic strain (more akin to camoflage, depeche mode, and alphaville than moby, prodigy or ministry), but offers up no limp wrists.
Almost every track is amazing and of the sort which one wishes went on for another five minutes.
A good corrective for Covenant fans who won't let go of the casios.
Groth's use of female vocals and KORGs works much, much better.
This album is it for 2000!
Only 5 Stars!!!
If I could, I'd give Beethoven's Wig 2 ten or more stars!
Richard Perlmutter has done it again - this cd is brilliant and has quickly become a beloved cd for our entire family.
There is nothing better than listening to my children hum classical music and sing the lyrics to these great masterpieces!
Every family should own a copy of this great CD!
We can't wait for Beethoven's Wig 3!
This set of 6 CDs takes the book of the Cosmic Jesus one step further.
The CD book takes those concepts and Douglas-Klotz' scholarship into the realm of the auditory.
The author/speaker carefully explains the meanings of the sayings of Jesus in their original Aramaic then teaches the listener the language forms of the various words.
He then takes it to the next step of providing chants for use in meditation.
These chants are accompanied by modern but appropriate guitar music and enable the listener/participator to enter more sensually into the original language.
This is an extremely useful set of CDs for anyone who wishes to develop their spiritual meditative life.
However the understanding of the Aramaic words gives such a clear liberal theological and spiritual basis of the unity of the Creator that it is accessible to anyone of any religious or spiritual tradition.
Having used the CDs and having read the original book, I am also left wondering how "The Passion of Christ" a la Mel Gibson could use the Aramaic in order to present such a traditional conservative and violent view of the life and death of Jesus without leading the viewers into a more universal expression of compassion that is so evident in the CDs. Fully recommended
Anata is one of those rare bands that hasn't yet written a bad song.
While most people are only familiar with their third album, "Under A Stone With No Inscription", I'm here to tell you that this album is every bit as worthy of praise.
It is still quality though, with a massive slow riff in the middle.
The third song, "Under Azure Skies", deserves a paragraph of its own.
This, my friends, is one of the best metal songs I've ever heard, period.
Blinded By Fear. Under Azure Skies. It deserves to be mentioned in the same breath as these classics.
Beginning with slow, chugging riffs, it is after the first verse that it kicks into high gear, harmonies running rampant.
But then the song breaks down into a bass-led melody, with Schalin at first almost speaking the lyrics, then screaming over the soft music.
I'm butchering the description, but it's really a powerful piece.
The song picks up again with more heart-wrenching harmonies, screams and pounding drums.
Simply godly.
I could go on and on about this wonderful album, but I won't.
Recommended like a rest after a hard day's work.
Well "Hyperborea" is their absolute most haunting an surreal cd ever in my book.
It really does, as reviewer Morse put it, take you on a visual journey-you really do feal like you are there.
I actually imagined myself amongst the pyramids and the Sphynx on the track 'Sphynx Lightening'.
And on the title track, 'Hyperborea', I could see myself on a barren yet breath-taking frozen landscape.
If you like a surreal sound, this is the one for you.
And yes, as reviewer Morse also stated, you do have to listen closely for the subtle changes in style and tone(just when you think you are hearing a Celtic sort of sound, it moves on to something else and it challenges you to try and figure it out).
You could actually(and this may appall the most devout new age listeners!)consider "Hyperborea" 'nature music', for it does indeed transport you to natural locales and states of mind.
Just buy it and you'll understand.
And you should also enjoy it immensely.
A little more intensity would not hurt this album, BUT it is a good one.
But this CD is AWSOME!!!
They are so great and they give Atlanta a good reputation.
I love their cd and I love them.
They are cute and they can sing and dance.
They do stuff their own way.
So people don t like them cause of that but they are good and their cd is good.
This record blows my mind.
It is at once catchy, hummable and avant-garde.
There are two big "wow" points here.
The first is the "string," (le fil), a tone that persists throughout the entire record (and beyond, into secret-track land).
This literally ties the entire record together and makes you listen to it as a suite: not that the songs don't stand by themselves, but this persistent note just keeps pulling you into the next one.
The second big thing is that it is arranged almost all a cappella.
Yes, there are instruments.
But no, the instruments don't take center stage.
It's all about the voice, the human beatbox, and the clap.
This gives the record a real organic feeling: it doesn't sound as if it was spit out of a hit factory.
I am amazed at Camille's self-assurance in making a record like this that relies so wholly on her own voice to carry it.
The lyrics are wry, funny, and thought-provoking, but in my mind are almost completely occluded by the breathtaking arrangements and production.
It's not; it's more wonderful and inspiring and adventurous than those ladies' music.
Incomparable is really the best word to describe "Le Fil."
You got to be the scorpion king and learn to kick bad guy butt while also dishing out insults.
I would enjoy it because you would get weapons such as swords and daggers.
My 3 year old son absolutely loved playing this game.....
Pros: The cover actually has Cornet on it.
Extra features after game play.
I do like finally having Cornet on the cover.
It is also nice to enjoy extra features after gameplay.
There are a lot of cool moves and fighting abilities you can use, but you will never need too.
The only good part about RE is the story, enemies, and the amount of gore there is.
The arenas, player models, crowds, coaches, lighting, and presentation are all the best I've ever seen in a basketball game.
Yes, I do think they are way better in this game than NBA 2k6 for the 360. The reason I feel this way is because the textures used for the skin look a lot better, have more color, and the sweat graphics look more realistic.
On the gameplay side, the difficulty settings allow for pretty good challenge between teams.
The sound and presentation in the game are fantastic.
The arenas feel alive and watching the game and the start screen is great.
The graphics are better and run very smoothly, without a single hitch or framerate problem.
Also, if you are used to the difficulty level of every other Crash Bandicoot game ever made (which is stupidly easy) then you will be surprised by the Wrath of Cortex. It is very difficult, and offers a great challenge, especially the boss levels.
Other than these, The wrath of cortex is a very enjoyable platformer, with some great action moments and puzzles to figure out.
It's actually a very good puzzle game.
And man, that stylus control just makes you love the DS.Zoo Keeper's basic premise is to line up 3 or more same animals horizontally or vertically.
Simple, but addicting.
The game has a very easy learning curve.
And it's a good game to play on a lazy day.The biggest reason I love this game is the fact that the stylus control just works so well.
It's very quick and very precise.There are 4 modes to keep you entertained.
Time Attack is great for short 6 minute play sessions.
The other two are marathon game types.The game also has single cart multiplayer aka DS Download Play. It's a fun experience though sometimes luck has a big hand in who wins.
It's definitely worth the $10 I got it for.
Well, I first got into this game in a PC Gamer magazine demo-disk....I thought it was fun, and shelled out the $20 dollars for it...I loved every minute of the game!
Graphics: 8/10 These graphics are just blocks piled ontop of eachother to present a character....But, I guess in the time this came out...which was I believe '97.....these graphics still weren't top noch....Oh well...I don't judge games by graphics....Although...The cut scenes were fantastic!
A nice western-cartoon feel!
Story: 8/10 (same as pretty much any western type anything) You are a former marshal....Bad ass dude...Well, a bunch of people want your land, along with all the land surrounding you...You kept refusing, so while you went to the store to pick up some supplies, and your wife's perfume, they murder your wife, burn down your house, and kidnap your kid!
Well....You do what any badass ex-marshal would do; Go on a rampage and kill every one of those little Mutta Fu...nevermind....You just kill em all.
Better than most FPS (exception; BLOOD!)
Controls: 10/10 Your usual for a FPS.....You get your regular fire, then a special fire which can make you shoot faster on some guns...you also got your open doors button...then your move buttons...and map...and jump...and so on.
You really can't complain about the controls, since you can modify them to your liking.
Sounds and Music: 7/10 Well, the sound is fantastic!
The voices are done well!
The gunshots are...near perfect.....there is even some villains that taunt you during the major killage which you inflict on the fiends....Then the music...Your very great western music!
Originality: 9/10 It's been a while since there's been a western-like FPS...actually....I can't remember any other...Well there is probably another Western FPS I've played, just this was the most memorable....
In conclusion, I give this game an 8/10....It's a really good game....seriously....The best western game I've ever played....It's got a nice story (for an fps), and all sorts of other junk...This is the game for any western shoot em up lover or just a regular action/FPS lover....Hell, it's even good for people who aren't fans of the genre
"Revolutionary" Halo was one of those games you cannot live without.
It has such a rich campaign mode and the fact you can do co-op is a great feature.
One of the best shooters of all time it is better on the Xbox than on the PC. Its graphics could have been a little bit better, but it is still one of the best Xbox launch titles.
I love the assault rifle and the magnum and it was disappointing to see no assault rifle in Halo 2. They also replaced the magnum with a crappier version that is too weak.
If Final Fantasy VII is considered the pinnacle of console RPGs, then Baldur's Gate is most definetely considered the pinnacle of computer RPGs. This is simply one of the best series of games ever made, and any RPG fan simply cannot afford to not play it (and since the whole series is available for a tenner, you don't exactly have an excuse not to do so!)
Pros: -One of the best RPG series ever of all time for ten pounds.
I haven't seen a bargain like that for a while.
-Make your own unique character from scratch in Baldur's Gate 1, and then after completing the first game, import them into Baldur's Gate 2 for true continuity and continue the saga.
-100+ hours of pure RPG bliss, with an epic storyline to match.
-Although the storyline does follow a set path, there are no restrictions in party members.
Then dump her in the inn (or kill her if you are feeling particularly evil) and go off gallivanting with the Halfing pirate and insane necromancer instead!
-A horde of sidequests that can distract you from the main story-path for hours on end.
-Choose your character's allignment (from 'goody-goody two shoes' to 'completely neutral' to 'murderous lunatic'.
-Unlike the original releases, every part of the series is just 1 DVD, which creates a lot less hassle.
RPG fan or no, you have no excuse not to play this incredible series.
Edios's latest instalment to the Tomb Raider franchise is spectacular, and one of this year's best games.
Graphics - 9.5/10 Beautiful.
From the glistening waterfalls to the detailed backgrounds to Lara herself, everything is awsome.
Attention to detail is astonishing, from equipment appearing on Lara as you gain it, to the smoke from her guns, everything will leave you breathless.
The beautiful ambiance will make you feel like you're actually in the game.
And even the voice acting is well done, with the occasional joke now and then.
Good job Edios!
Gameplay - 10/10 If you've played a previous Tomb Raider game, then the outcome is predictable: jumping around, shooting bad guys, and the occasional puzzle and boss fight.
It's the execution that makes this game shine.
No stat-building, no crappy jumps, and NO camera issues.
Some puzzles can be solved multiple ways, allowing for a varied challenge depending on your gameplay style.
Overall, brilliant execution.
Controls - 9/10 Although keyboard controls are a bit clunky, a 10$ PS2-style gamepad will fix this right up.
Story - 8.5/10 As before, you have to raid tombs (hence the name), gaining the artifact inside.
What sets this game apart from previous installments is the way it ties Lara's past into the mix, allowing for a slowly unraveling plot to appear.
Not spectacular, but a damned fine effort Replay Value - 7/10 The game is quite short, but the hidden artifacts and unlockables (and a time trial mode), allows for many a redo.
Overall - 9/10 The Good-Graphics, gameplay, and audio will blow you away.
Weird. Buy or Rent-Buy. You'll want to keep this one for ages!
"Innovative" I played GC endlessly when it came out.
Very addictive!
The AI in this game is so strong and deeply complex, that it can actually make you feel stupid, which is probably not good for the gaming masses.
GC is an amazingly difficult game!
I am looking forward to trying out GC2, but from the reviews, it seems that the major enhancement is the ability to design ships.
"Just plain fun" I don't see why this game got a lower score than the other Nintendogs.
It's like the teams in Sonic Heroes, only the system works better.
8.5/10 Graphics: The graphics almost look lifelike.
The mouth physics on the dog work perfectly, the dog's body animations feel perfect.
I also haven't encountered any drops in the game's frame rate.
10/10 Controls: You'll find yourself mostly using the stylus for this game, by throwing things, rubbing your stylus on your dog's head to pet them, and showing them how to do tricks.
10/10 Overall, I don't see why this game got a lower score than the others.
It's just as fun.
9/10. Great Job!
Story The plot is what really kept me fromlosing hope of this game.
The intro has PS2 graphics!
If you stock 3 Fire cards you unleash Firaga. Graphics Graphics are pretty good.
In KH do you know, when you start, the opening scene looks AWESOME and realistic, and the same for the end?
IN this game the Opening scene has the normal cutscene graphics as KH, same as the end.
The normal graphics are good too.
Sound Sound... I LOVE THE KH MUSIC!
This is good too!!
They do Simple & Clean at the end!
The sound is terrific.
Score 8.9
"Instant classic" SSX 3 lets you play one of eight characters.
You can customize this character in many outrageous ways.
You can customize hair, snowboard suit, boots, shirts and much more.
Also you can buy new tricks.
The graphs are very, very good for good 'ol Xbox. You really have the feeling that you self are snowboarding on top of that big, fat mountain.
SSX 3 gives you a huge amount of freedom, because you can explore the mountain all by yourself and there are no linear routes that you have to take.
You decide which tournament you want to play, and where you wanna do that.
It's your choice.
The gameplay is very, very good.
You can unlock every tournament there is and still you are not finished.
You also have to beat rivals, explore the mountain, complete every extra bonus missions and collect stickers, drawings and dolls of the characters.
There is so much too do.
It just won;t bore you.
GET SSX 3! That's my only conclusion, if you don't have this game in your collection, get it now while it's still there and go and shame yourself!!!
NG2 doesn't disapoint!
It gets you strait where the first game left you - right into the action!
I'm still on the first level but so far I can yell: THERE IS NO ANY PROBLEM WITH THE CAMERA!
It is just perfect!
Not only you have the old lock behind the Ryo button but now you have total control over camera movement with the right stick (and you can adjust the speed of it at any time).
The frame rate is stable even through the pace of the game is considarably faster and there are more enemies on your ass at the same time.
I didn't experience any slow downs or others issues.
So far, so good, I'm as excited as anyone who has played the previous, Itakagi is my man, too bad he is leaving Tecmo but maybe its a good thing since I doubt he will stop making games...
That being said, NBA Live 10 is fan-freakin-tastic!
The basketball mechanics are solid, almost perfect.
You really feel like you have total control over the player, and each superstar plays distinctively different.
The DNA option, which updates rosters and player ratings/tendencies to reflect real life NBA performance, is superb, and it really feels like you're playing in the NBA. If you want a great online sports game, grab this, just don't expect EA to get everything right.
The best scene in the movie was when Gerardo is trying to find a song that keeps running through his head.
Saw the movie today and thought it was a good effort, good messages for kids.
Loved the casting of Jimmy Buffet as the science teacher.
And those baby owls were adorable.
The movie showed a lot of Florida at it's best, made it look very appealing.
The Songs Were The Best And The Muppets Were So Hilarious.
It Was So Cool.
This is a very "right on case" movie that delivers everything almost right in your face.
This review is long overdue, since I consider A Tale of Two Sisters to be the single greatest film ever made.
I'll put this gem up against any movie in terms of screenplay, cinematography, acting, post-production, editing, directing, or any other aspect of film-making.
It's practically perfect in all of them  a true masterpiece in a sea of faux "masterpieces.
" The structure of this film is easily the most tightly constructed in the history of cinema.
I can think of no other film where something vitally important occurs every other minute.
In other words, the content level of this film is enough to easily fill a dozen other films.
How can anyone in their right mind ask for anything more from a movie than this?
It's quite simply the highest, most superlative form of cinema imaginable.
Yes, this film does require a rather significant amount of puzzle-solving, but the pieces fit together to create a beautiful picture.
This is the number one best TH game in the series.
It deserves strong love.
It is an insane game.
There are massive levels, massive unlockable characters... it's just a massive game.
Waste your money on this game.
This is the kind of money that is wasted properly.
Actually, the graphics were good at the time.
As they say in Canada, This is the fun game, aye.
This game rocks.
Buy it, play it, enjoy it, love it.
It's PURE BRILLIANCE.
The film succeeds despite, or perhaps because of, an obviously meagre budget.
I'm glad the film didn't go for the most obvious choice, as a lesser film certainly would have.
In addition to having one of the most lovely songs ever written, French Cancan also boasts one of the cutest leading ladies ever to grace the screen.
It's hard not to fall head-over-heels in love with that girl.
Excellent cast, story line, performances.
Totally believable.
Anne Heche was utterly convincing.
Sam Shepard's portrayal of a gung ho Marine was sobering.
I sat riveted to the TV screen.
All in all I give this one a resounding 9 out of 10.
I do think Tom Hanks is a good actor.
I enjoyed reading this book to my children when they were little.
There are some generally great things in it.
The suspense builders were good, & just cross the line from G to PG.
I especially liked the non-cliche choices with the parents; in other movies, I could predict the dialog verbatim, but the writing in this movie made better selections.
If you want a movie that's not gross but gives you some chills, this is a great choice.
Alexander Nevsky is a great film.
He is an amazing film artist, one of the most important whoever lived.
This if the first movie I've given a 10 to in years.
If there was ever a movie that needed word-of-mouth to promote, this is it.
Overall, the film is interesting and thought-provoking.
Plus, it was well-paced and suited its relatively short run time.
Give this one a look.
I gave it a 10
The Wind and the Lion is well written and superbly acted.
It is a true classic.
It actually turned out to be pretty decent as far as B-list horror/suspense films go.
Definitely worth checking out.
MANNA FROM HEAVEN is a terrific film that is both predictable and unpredictable at the same time.
The scenes are often funny and occasionally touching as the characters evaluate their lives and where they are going.
The cast of veteran actors are more than just a nostalgia trip.
Ursula Burton's portrayal of the nun is both touching and funny at the same time with out making fun of nuns or the church.
If you are looking for a movie with a terrific cast, some good music(including a Shirley Jones rendition of "The Way You Look Tonight"), and an uplifting ending, give this one a try.
I don't think you will be disappointed.
The only thing really worth watching was the scenery and the house, because it is beautiful.
But in terms of the writing it's very fresh and bold.
The acting helps the writing along very well (maybe the idiot-savant sister could have been played better), and it is a real joy to watch.
Some applause should be given to the "prelude" however.
I really liked that.
A great film by a great director.
The movie had you on the edge of your seat and made you somewhat afraid to go to your car at the end of the night.
The music in the film is really nice too.
I'd advise anyone to go and see it.
Brilliant!
10/10
I liked this movie way too much.
It rocked my world and is certainly a must see for anyone with no social or physical outlets.
This is definitely a cult classic well worth viewing and sharing with others.
Also, it's a real treat to see Anthony Quinn playing Crazy Horse.
