
What is a Certified Nurse Midwife ?
On average , how many miles are there to the moon ?
Who created private detective Philip Marlowe ?
What Boris Pasternak book sold 5 , 0 copies to become the fiction best-seller of 1958 ?
What is the origin of the expression `` tout de suite '' ?
What is the longest English word ?
What is the purpose of a car bra ?
What is D.B. Cooper known for ?
Who is Colin Powell ?
What species is a colt ?
What is the full name of the PLO ?
What is the smallest country in Africa ?
Who coined the term NN cyberspace `` in his novel NN Neuromancer '' ?
What age followed the Bronze Age ?
What is her profession ?
What is the full name of the man who invented the multicolored game cube that has 42.3 quintillion potential combinations ?
What does the word LASER mean ?
What does the name `` Anthony '' mean ?
Who was Lauren Bacall 's first husband ?
What is a rhomboideus minor ?
How many hands does Bjorn Borg use when hitting his forehand ?
How many people died on D-Day ?
What U.S. Congressman said : `` Keep the faith , baby '' .
Who created the character of Scrooge ?
What is the student population at the University of Massachusetts in Amherst ?
Where is Windsor Castle ?
When did the Dow first reach ?
Why were people recruited for the Vietnam War ?
What party was Winston Churchill a member of ?
What American League baseball team 's worst finish between 1926 and 1964 was fourth ?
Where can I find the names of all the 15 Pokemon ?
What state does Martha Stewart live in ?
Which killer whale died at Sea World of a fungal infection ?
What are the Benelux countries ?
Where 's the Petrified Forest ?
What is a language spoken by the Sioux ?
Where is Tornado Alley ?
Who was the author of `` John Brown 's Body '' ?
What American poet wrote : `` Good fences make good neighbors '' ?
What state in the U.S. has the most blacks ?
Why are electric cars less efficient in the northeast than in California ?
What was the occupation of Mandy Rice-Davies ?
What is the city in which Maurizio Pellegrin lives called ?
Who painted the Sistine Chapel ?
Name the various costumed personas of Dr. Henry Pym .
What breed of dog was the `` Little Rascals '' dog ?
What are the living conditions in Cuba ?
What color are school buses ?
What is the oldest website on the Internet ?
What events happened January 26 , 1978 ?
What explorers followed Columbus to the Americas ?
Who is actress Goldie Hawn 's current actor boyfriend ?
Who banned Peter Rose from baseball for betting on games ?
What are the seven virtues ?
What other name were the `` Little Rascals '' known as ?
When was the San Francisco fire ?
What is a fear of food ?
How many casinos are in Atlantic City , NJ ?
What year did the Vietnam War end ?
What are the names of Richard Nixon 's two daughters ?
What 's the word for broken glass or sharp rocks embedded in cement on top of a wall ?
What is the chromosome number of an elephant ?
What organization was founded by the Rev. Jerry Falwell ?
What 's the longest river in the world ?
Which soft drink does Madonna advertise for ?
What company is being bought by Yahoo and how much is the deal worth ?
When was Berlin 's Brandenburg gate erected ?
How many double-word-score spaces are there on a Scrabble Crossword Game board ?
What year did Germany sign its nonaggression pact with the Soviet Union ?
What mountain range is traversed by the highest railroad in the world ?
Why were the American soldiers in WWI called `` Doughboys ''
Who was nicknamed The Little Corporal ?
How many CDs has Garth Brooks sold ?
Name the vessel used by the Atari Force in the DC comics .
Where are the leading medical groups specializing in lung diseases ?
How can I find online spelling , and punctuation drills for my 6th grader ?
What 's the sacred river of India ?
What is Stefan Edberg 's native country ?
What is the only gland in humans that can regenerate itself ?
How many Gutenberg Bibles are there ?
Name the largest country in South America .
What astronomical phenomenon takes place in Jan. 1999 ?
What information can you get me on Fairground Park in St. Louis
What was American folk hero John Chapman 's nickname ?
What is the difference between a median and a mean ?
What was the top box office movie in April 1998 ?
What makes thunder ?
What author did photographer Yousuf Karsh call `` the shiest man I ever met '' ?
Which is the largest clock , diameter wise , in Europe ?
What plant is rum made from ?
What country are Godiva chocolates from ?
Name the poet of the poem which begins : I do not know much about gods ; but I think that the river Is a strong brown god-sullen , and untamed ?
Which condiment was once sold as a patent medicine ?
What U.S. state records the least rainfall ?
Why did the world enter a global depression in 1929 ?
What was archy , and mehitabel ?
What Texas city got its name from the Spanish for `` yellow '' ?
What are the chemicals used in glowsticks ?
What country did the Nile River originate in ?
What color are tennis balls ?
What barroom judge called himself The Law West of the Pecos ?
What excuse did the NATO people give for hitting the Chinese embassy ?
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?
What sports event is Meyer Wolfsheim supposed to have fixed in The Great Gatsby ?
What country has the best defensive position in the board game Diplomacy ?
What two countries share the Khyber Pass ?
Who was chairman of the Senate select committee that tried to get to the bottom of Watergate ?
What is the origin of the surname of Braun ?
What card game has variations called Canfield , Klondike and Spider ?
What is Australia Day ?
What mammal of North America is the world 's longest-lived for its size ?
What was the Chivington Massacre ?
What actor starred in 1980 's Blue Lagoon , 1982 's The Pirate Movie and 1983 's A Night in Heaven ?
How many home runs did Lou Gehrig have during his career ?
In what city is the headquarters of Sinn Fein ?
Where can I find information on George Bush ?
Who is the voice of Miss Piggy ?
What is the dialogue circle in cartoons called ?
What does the word camaro mean , from the GM car the Camaro ?
Who replaced Bert Parks as the host of The Miss America Pageant ?
How many boys play the game in Winslow Homer 's 1872 painting Snap the Whip ?
What is the AIM-54C Phoenix ?
When are sheep shorn ?
What sport is Chris Jogis a top player of ?
What 's the second-largest island in the world ?
What is the definition of low island ?
What century does Captain Video live in ?
What types of water pollution are there ?
How many astronauts manned each Project Mercury flight ?
What soft drink would provide me with the biggest intake of caffeine ?
What 's the name of a golf course in Myrtle Beach ?
What are some of the significant historical events of the 1990s ?
Name the only extant trilogy of classical Greek plays .
Where is Logan Airport ?
What is the difference between Neoclassical art and Romanticism art ?
Who was the first person inducted into the U.S. Swimming Hall of Fame ?
What golfer has been called Ohio Fats and Blobbo ?
Who murdered Leno and Rosemary LaBianca on August 1
What is the average cost for four years of medical school ?
What does God create in the first sentence of the Bible ?
Which of the following men was not married to Rita Hayworth ?
What is the current ticket fare from from Cairo to Barbados ?
What does NN O `` mean when used as a prefix in Irish surnames ?
How do you find oxidation numbers ?
What is the state nickname of Mississippi ?
What is Black Hills , South Dakota most famous for ?
What 1966 boob tube bomb took astronauts back to prehistoric times ?
How many students attend the University of Massachusetts ?
Who said , `` I shall return . '' during World War Two ?
What holidays are celebrated in Ireland ?
Who portrayed Etta Place , companion to Butch Cassidey and the Sundance Kid ?
What are the Greek numerals ?
What 's the name of the temple that is located near the capital city of Laos ?
What is a fear of sleep ?
What auto race was Wilbur Reed the first to win three times ?
What are the most common breeding birds in the U.S. ?
What was organized as a Confederate veterans ' social club in Pulaski , in Tennessee , in 1866 ?
How do you look up criminal records on the Internet ?
Where is the actress , Marion Davies , buried ?
What is an example of an actual case of using the Fourteenth Amendment ?
Who was the Charlie perfume woman ?
Who portrayed `` Rosanne Rosanna-Dana '' on the television show `` Saturday Night Live '' ?
Name the two mystical ravens Odin has at his command .
What was the species of Winnie the Pooh ?
What is the virus HIV ?
How many years old is Benny Carter ?
What Hermann Hesse book gave its name to a rock group ?
Where does the Santa Fe Trail begin and end ?
What book is the follow-up to Future Shock ?
What African animals are known as The Big Five ?
What is the alphabet for Latin ?
What is the fear of frogs ?
Which city in Canada is the least-populated ?
How old is Stevie Wonder ?
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?
Who is Luke Skywalker 's father ?
What does a dipsomaniac crave ?
What is the definition of the term `` weapons system '' ?
What are Christopher Marlowe 's and Shakespeare 's literary contributions to English literature ?
What is Nero Wolfe 's favorite drink during office hours ?
What is the first personal computer company ?
What is the most efficient way to start a barbeque ?
Who was Jane Goodall ?
Why are there Braille things on the ATM machines that people drive through ?
Where is the Isle of Man ?
What book did Aaron Hass write ?
What was the death toll at the eruption of Mount Pinatubo ?
When will the millennium officially begin ?
Who created the comic strip , `` Garfield '' ?
Which Vietnamese terrorist is now a UN delegate in Doonesbury ?
What is real time processing ?
What do we call the imaginary line along the top of the Rocky Mountains ?
What country 's capital is Lagos ?
Where does Ray Bradbury 's Chronicles take place ?
Who is the current prime minister and president of Russia ?
Who established a Viking colony in Greenland about 985 ?
What was the distinguishing mark on the `` Little Rascals '' dog ?
What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso , Texas ?
Where can I get information about cystic fibrosis ?
Where did Honecker rule ?
What is the theory of equivalence states ?
What does a philatelist collect ?
What is the life span of the average monkey ?
How many member states are in the UN ?
Who shot and killed himself while painting Wheatfield with Crows ?
What will happen when sodium is put in water ?
What 's the meaning of UOL ?
What future President became Senate majority whip under Harry Truman ?
Who was the architect of Central Park ?
Which operating system runs on IBM-compatible machines ?
What are the dimensions of an ice hockey goal ?
When was CNN 's first broadcast ?
What are the signs of a country going into a recession ?
What is the circumorbital hematoma ?
What African country is governed from Ouagadougou ?
What was the Christian name of the title character in Our Miss Brooks ?
What hard-of hearing artist painted Sunflowers ?
Who were the Yankee 's frequent enemies ?
Who wrote Sons and Lovers ?
What is the English translation for the word `` caliente '' ?
What handicraft requires you to interlace your warp and weft ?
What French seaport claims to be The Home of Wines ?
How long does it take sunlight to reach Earth ?
How many milliseconds in a second ?
What Cherokee Indian gave his name to a tree ?
When were camcorders introduced in Malaysia ?
What is the chance of conceiving quadruplets ?
Who was the star of Leave It to Beaver ?
What countries have the largest armed forces in the world ?
What was William F. Cody 's better-known name ?
How do I increase my biceps ' size ?
Who did Richard Nixon tender his resignation to ?
Who was Thucydides ?
How is the element strontium purified ?
Which of the following rock 'n roll stars has a `` star '' on Hollywood Boulevard ?
What are tonsils for ?
What molecules include fluorine , sodium and magnesium ?
What was the name of the ball game played by the mayans ?
What was the sequel to The Moon 's Balloon ?
What is the exchange rate for Australian to American money ?
What is the origin of the word ` posh ' ?
How can anyone tell if a female had sexual intercourse ?
How many states did Richard Nixon carry in 1972 ?
What basketball maneuver did Bert Loomis invent ?
What is a good book to read for people who hate to read ?
How many shillings more than 2 were there in a guinea ?
What does a tarantula eat ?
What are the three secondary colors ?
What does the name `` Sabrina '' mean ?
Who took over as conductor of the Boston Pops after Arthur Fiedler 's long reign ?
What were the trials called which followed World War II ?
What is hebephrenia ?
What Nazi leader killed himself in jail just before he was to be executed as a war criminal ?
What famous events have happened on March 27 ?
Which company claimed to be `` the world 's biggest toy store '' ?
What brand number graces the black label of a bottle of Jack Daniel 's ?
What do I call the sons and daughters of my first cousins ?
What were the causes of the Civil War ?
What are Maid-Rites ?
What city is terrorized by Dracula in The Night Stalker ?
How can you prevent it ?
What do the names Andrew and Christina mean ?
What chocolate bar created by Frank Mars and his wife is often called a Milky Way with peanuts ?
Who is the fastest guitarist ?
What do camels store in their humps ?
What is the name of the second space shuttle ?
What is the best hospital for orthopedics in the country ?
What are perfect tenses ?
What is commonly considered the fifth sense ?
What was another name for East Germany ?
What 's the second-biggest-selling magazine in America ?
Who betrayed Norway to the Nazis ?
Who took the toys donated for the Doodyville Orphans ' Fund and kept them for himself ?
What is a bourdon tube ?
What kind of a sports team is the Wisconsin Badgers ?
Who were the Picts ?
What do Caroll Baker , Tammy Grimes , Debbie Reynolds , and Judy Garland all have in common ?
What is film noir ?
Who is stationed at Camp Swampy in the comic strips ?
In what year did China and the Republic of Korea establish diplomatic relations ?
What causes tuberculosis ?
How tall is the giraffe ?
What actor dressed up as Santa Claus and had a once-a-year affair with actress Shelley Winters every Christmas for many years ?
What animal was the heat-seeking missile called the Sidewinder named for ?
How long did it take Stanley to find Livingstone ?
How much of the nation 's children between the ages of two and eleven watch ` The Simpsons ' ?
What lake is Sheboygan on ?
What are a baseball team 's firemen ?
What is a fear of color ?
What Nantucket shipwreck killed more divers exploring it than the 52 people it sank with ?
What are the two largest birds on earth ?
Name the four stories contained in Edith Wharton 's `` Old New York . ''
What is the largest lake in North America ?
How many people died because of a smoking problem in 1997 ?
What is chronic constipation a symptom of ?
Who wrote The Look of Love after viewing Ursula Andress ?
What is the name of the American swimmer who won seven gold medals in the 1972 Olympics ?
Who claims to have the greatest show on earth ?
What is Head Start ?
What Honeymooners actress did Television magazine name as 1953 's most promising star ?
Why can 't women serve in the Navy on board submarines ?
What did the Yalta Conference lead to ?
What dog was dubbed The Mortgage Lifter ?
What is saltpeter ?
What 's the difference between J.D. and LL.M. ?
What kind of organization is ` Last Chance for Animals ' ?
What was the role of the Medieval Guild ?
Silly putty was invented by whom ?
What should the oven be set at for baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?
How can someone become a federal agent ?
Who invented the paper clip ?
Whom did Lauren Bacall marry after her husband Humphrey Bogart died ?
How many times in his 16-year National Basketball Associaton career was John Havlicek a member of the all-star team ?
What city or state do the most gay men live in ?
Shea and Gould had an office in Los Angeles for how long before closing it ?
What word occurs 46 , 227 times in the Bible ?
How can you be happy ?
How would someone go about becoming an organ donor ?
What year did Degas create the bronze sculpture , `` Fourth Position Front ? ''
What composer was awarded the Medal of Honor by Franklin D. Roosevelt ?
How many URL extensions are there ? and what are they ?
How long after intercourse does it take to find out if you are pregnant ?
What does U.S.S.R. stand for ?
Who created the Fantastic Four , Hulk , and Thor ?
What is a fear of gravity ?
Who is the composer of `` Canon in D Major '' ?
What did n't Rocky Marciano do in his pro boxing career ?
Where are all European and American eels born ?
Who was the author of the novel `` Far From the Madding Crowd '' ?
What is the definition of ` graphic details ' ?
What was `` America 's recessed-filter cigarette '' ?
What kind of dog is Scooby Doo ?
What is the function of the appendix ?
What department store heir is responsible for raising a three-ton safe from the underwater wreckage of the Andrea Doria ?
Which sex is twice as likely to contract leprosy ?
What was the first town to be chartered in Vermont ?
What state has the longest Great Lakes shoreline ?
What U.S. state ends with a G ?
How many varieties of twins are there ?
What is a Cartesian Diver ?
What are the largest libraries in the US ?
How many people live in the Falklands ?
Who was Camp David named for ?
What document did President Andrew Johnson want a copy of placed under his head upon his burial ?
Who portrayed `` the man without a face '' in the movie of the same name ?
What happened in dogtown in 1899 to make that year remembered ?
What wheel did Blaise Pascal invent in a search for perpetual motion ?
How much money was the minimum wage in 1991 ?
In what year was the first patent for the pull-tab opener on cans obtained ?
What country boasts the most dams ?
What is the regular price ?
What Metropolis landmark was first introduced in the Superman cartoons of the 1940 's ?
Where can one find Mozambique ?
How do you recognize anorexia ?
What Mary Tyler Moore Show regular came into the world as Tadeus Wladyslaw Konopka ?
In what city is the US Declaration of Independence located ?
What is the largest variety of cactus ?
Who won the first World Series ?
What did Aaron Hass write ?
Who is Samuel Pickering ?
What was the business of the animated Sky Hawks ?
Who was credited with saying : `` I never met a man I did n't like '' ?
What overalls are named for Dungri , a suburb of Bombay ?
Why do rooftops give off steam after a big rainstorm ?
What nationality was Jackson Pollock ?
How much of the earth 's surface is permanently frozen ?
What is the connection between New Krypton and Daxam ?
When was Queen Victoria born ?
How many people were executed for Abraham Lincoln 's assassination ?
What must a Las Vegas blackjack dealer do when he reaches 16 ?
What is worth seeing in Reims ?
What type of performer is Ileana Cotrubas ?
When was Yemen reunified ?
What line of candy products included Super Skrunch and Peanut Butter Oompas ?
Why did the Anglican church split from the Vatican ?
What organization has a Security Council ?
How would I find the price of different organs that have been donated ?
What Mexican leader was shot dead in 1923 ?
What does NECROSIS mean ?
What is magnetar ?
What feud ended with a marriage in Kentucky on March 21 , 1891 ?
What color is the stripe along each side of a Coho salmon ?
What is the federal minimum wage ?
Mississippi is nicknamed what ?
What are the unemployment statistics for the years 1965 and 1990 ?
Where is Santa Lucia ?
What female painter produced primitives of rural New England life ?
What are names of two old men who appear in the serial tv Muppets Show ?
What war saw battles at Parrot 's Beak and Black Virgin ?
What should you yell to hail a taxi in Madrid ?
What is the horsepower of the shuttle boosters ?
What year did Apartheid start ?
Who created Big Ben ?
What city is found in the city of OZ ?
What ever happened to the once popular Yale Lock Company ?
Name the Marvel team loosely based on DC 's Justice League of America ?
What did a 16th-century Aztec athlete get for putting a rubber ball through a ring ?
What populous state covers 49 , 576 square miles ?
What college football team did Knute Rockne build into a power ?
In what state was there an 11 million gallon oil spill ?
When did Aldous Huxley write , `` Brave New World '' ?
What country did the ancient Romans refer to as Hibernia ?
In what high-risk business venture did Jimmy the Greek bet and lose ?
What do chefs call The Master Spice ?
What is the abbreviation of General Motors ?
What is a Devo hat ?
How long was the longest hiccup attack ?
What kind of weapons were used in Medieval warfare ?
How many people live in Tokyo ?
What fruit-topped actress was known as The Brazilian Bombshell ?
What are birds descendents of ?
When the Tutankhamun exhibit was on display in the U.S. , what moving company transported it ?
Which Kevin Costner movie involves the Sioux Indians ?
Who played the title role in My Favorite Martian ?
How does a scientific calculator work ?
What is a fear of fur ?
Who invented the game Scrabble ?
What part of their attire were `` pothooks '' to cowboys of the Old West ?
When did humans first begin to write history seriously ?
Why do we have to go to school ?
What is Toulmin logic ?
A corgi is a kind of what ?
What city in the U.S. experienced the most growth recently ?
What is a dangling participle ?
What Tokyo street glitters with famed department stores and nightclubs ?
What was the average life expectancy during the Stone Age ?
When Mighty Mouse was conceived , what was his original name ?
What is the origin of the peace symbol ?
What group starred in the movie Rock Around the Clock ?
How many U.S. presidents were assassinated during Queen Victoria 's reign ?
When was the first flush toilet invented ?
What is Nathan Hamill 's role in the new Star Wars prequel ?
How many disks does each player have in a four-handed game of Crokinole ?
How old is the sun ?
What percentage of children between the ages of two and eleven watch ` The Simpsons ' ?
How can I find a list of , fax and or email , addresses for human resource departments in Massachusetts ?
How do I write to my Congressman ?
How many years ago did Led Zeppelin release its last album ?
What is the term for a group of geese ?
How many people was Randy Craft convicted of killing ?
What was the name of the famous battle between Texas and Mexico ?
What country are you in if you woo in the Wu dialect ?
What do you call a Poker hand with five cards of the same suit ?
What New York Yankee was known as The Iron Horse ?
Who is considered The First Lady of the American Stage ?
Who penned : `` Neither a borrower nor a lender be '' ?
What is moxie ?
What was the first Sam Spade novel ?
What song did Patti Page set people dancing to in 1950 ?
Who headed Hitler 's infamous Gestapo ?
What South American city features the exclusive Copacabana Beach and Ipanema ?
What German city do Italians call The Monaco of Bavaria ?
What island group contains Jersey , Guernsey , Sark and Herm ?
What is a fear of strong light ?
What is a person called that likes fire ?
Where was helium first discovered , hence its name ?
What is the best way to overcome a fear ?
Name a South African diamond producer ?
Who made the musical plea Be True to Your School ?
What French designer declared : `` The jean is the destructor ! It is a dictator ! It is destroying creativity. The jean must be stopped ! '' ?
What season is the setting for Shakespeare 's Midsummer Night 's Dream ?
Name a band which was famous in the 1960 's .
What comedian was banned from the Ed Sullivan Show for allegedly making an obscene gesture at the show 's host ?
What country is the setting for Edgar Allan Poe 's The Pit and the Pendulum ?
What Apollo 11 astronaut minded the store while Armstrong and Aldrin made history ?
What is the current ticket fare from from Cairo to Barbados ?
What is the second highest mountain peak in the world ?
What Good Little Witch is Casper 's girlfriend ?
In which Tennessee Williams play is one of the characters killed and devoured by a mob of starving children ?
What was the nickname of Frederick I , Holy Roman Emperor and King of Germany ?
What war did the Potsdam Conference follow ?
What 's the most common non-contagious disease in the world ?
What month , date , and year did Charles I die ?
How many cubic feet of space does a gallon of water occupy ?
What is the hair style called that new military recruits receive ?
What 's the world 's largest cathedral ?
What effects do nitrates have on the environment ?
What is Nitrox diving ?
What three European countries begin with the letter A ?
What happened in the Long March ?
What was the name of Hitler 's unsuccessful attempt to overthrow the Bavarian government in Munich in 1923 ?
How can I find online spelling ?
How many earthworms are in a single pasture ?
Who made Stonehenge ?
What is the average hourly rate of American workers ?
What sport features snatches and clean jerks ?
Who 's the founder and editor of The National Review ?
In what year did they build the Berlin Wall ?
Who was the first governor of West Virginia ?
What 's the world 's longest suspension bridge ?
What Asian city boasts the world 's biggest bowling alley ?
When will Jean Aeul publish her next book ?
What famous soldier was born in Europe , died in Asia , and was laid to rest in Africa ?
When it 's time to relax , what one beer stands clear ?
What culture developed the idea of potlatch ?
What baseball team became the Minnesota Twins ?
What kind of guitar did Jimi Hendrix play ?
What were the first three cities to have a population of more than a million ?
What constellation contains the twins Castor and Pollux ?
How many meters are in a mile ?
What is a gas release event ?
What James Michener book is subtitled Spanish Travels and Reflections ?
What famed London criminal court was once a feudal castle ?
How many milligrams are in a gram ?
What stringed weapon fires a bolt ?
Where did he get the title ?
Where can I find a large list of 5 to 6 letter words ?
What is Michael Jackson 's middle name ?
Who was the first woman to fly solo across the Atlantic ?
How long is human gestation ?
What does `` Semper Fidelis '' mean ?
What kind of suit did true hepcats wear in 1942 ?
Where does Mother Angelica live ?
How can I find out my Moon sign ?
Why does a candle need a wick ?
Musician Ray Charles plays what instrument ?
What were the three prophecies the witches make to Macbeth ?
What 's the population of Mississippi ?
Who started the Dominos Pizza chain ?
In what film did Steven Spielberg 's dog star as the main character 's dog ?
What are all the different kinds of contraceptives ?
How old is Jeremy Piven ?
What is the history of yo-yos ?
Which NBA players had jersey number 0 ?
What chocolate company gives you a one-pound kiss ?
How does one correctly pronounce ` qigong ' ?
What fossilizes to form coprolite ?
How many colored squares are there on a Rubik 's Cube ?
Where is the Mayo Clinic ?
What Caribbean island is sometimes called Little England ?
Where is Amsterdam ?
Where can I find the lyrics for the song ` Getting Married Today ' from the musical ` Company ' ?
What 's another word that means `` knows all '' ?
Who is the famous movie star who also acted as sewer commissioner of Provo Canyon , Utah ?
What Australian city became the home of the America 's Cup ?
Aspartame is known by what other name ?
What is pasta ?
Name Randy Craft 's lawyer .
What color is `` ash '' ?
What is the best distance education university or college ?
What river does the Grand Coulee Dam dam ?
How often are quadruplets born ?
How does psorisis disappear ?
How many presidents have died on the 4th of July ?
What three colors are on the French flag ?
What 's the mystery of the Bermuda Triangle ?
What are the seven wonders of the world ?
What does CNN stand for ?
What is a person called that likes fire ?
Who portrayed Vincent Van Gogh in Lust for Life ?
What constitutes an adult ?
What is a reliable site that I can download Heretic 2 ?
What is a neurosurgeon ?
What baseball outcome required nine balls in 1879 , eight balls in 1880 and seven balls in 1881 ?
What are amaretto biscuits ?
What common ailment can 't you catch at the North Pole ?
What season begins with the vernal equinox ?
Who was known as the Time Master in comic books ?
What was the name of Roy Rogers 's dog ?
What TV series changed the names to protect the innocent ?
Where did cable cars first roll down Clay Street in 1873 ?
What is George Lucas 's e-mail address ?
How do I give a good massage ?
Who is the father of the computer ?
What is the origin of `` jiggy '' as in getting jiggy with it ?
What is the origin of a.m. and p.m. ?
What is the definition of cosmology ?
What is the name of the dog on the Cracker Jack box ?
What are manifest and latent function theories ?
What William Styron book is about a black preacher who leads a slave revolt ?
What is the chemical symbol for nitrogen ?
Who said : `` Old soldiers never die ; they just fade away '' ?
What National League baseball team employed 72 third baseemen in its first 2 seasons ?
What are snowballs to a hot-rodder ?
How long were Tyrannosaurus Rex 's teeth ?
What is the origin of the word Ozymandias ?
Who 's the only man to have won the Olympic decathlon twice ?
What Kenyan city is the safari center for East Africa ?
Why do men snore ?
What causes `` rolling thunder '' ?
What is the name of Miss India 1994 ?
What four U.S. states have active volcanoes ?
What 's the setting of John Le Carre 's A Small Town in Germany ?
What does an echidna look like ?
What is the secret of the universe ?
Who was the second man to walk on the moon ?
What major Victorian novelist spent as much time working for the post office as he did writing ?
What caused an adjournment of the 25th anniversary session of the United Nations General Assembly ?
The major league baseball team in Pittsburgh is called what ?
What is the name of the Islamic counterpart to the Red Cross ?
What year were the Olympic Games played in where Nadia Comaneci became popular ?
What is glass made of ?
How did Lee Harvey Oswald purchase his rifle ?
How do I sing like Elvis Presley ?
What are the biggest Indian airports ?
What is the folklore story regarding birds ' nests and birds in Christmas trees ?
What are the world 's three largest oceans , in order of size ?
Who is the Pope ?
Where on the Internet can I find information on laundry detergent ?
What do the French call La Manche ?
What 's an easy way to count the approximate number of fish in a lake ?
How do you clean up a cache ?
What was the name of Aristotle Onassis 's yacht ?
What is a fear of being dirty ?
What animal occurs in Spielberg 's `` Jaws '' ?
What 's the Red Planet ?
The Shea & Gould law firm had an office in L.A. for how many years ?
What 's the most common surname in America ?
How long does it take the typical American to eat 23 quarts of ice cream ?
What is the difference between a fruit and a vegetable ?
What kind of tree graces Lebanon 's flag ?
What is tumbled marble ?
What are the various ways in which one can measure IT User Satisfaction Level ?
What city is sometimes called The Athens of Switzerland ?
Where did bocci originate ?
How does light travel through the void of space if there is no medium for it to ` wave ' or ` pulse ' .
What are the Valdez Principles ?
How can I easily remove red wine stains from t-shirts ?
How do you write MLA style bibliographies for an Internet source ?
Who is Imam Hussain Ben Ali whom Shia people believe in ?
What is the origin of the word assassinate ?
Where can I find information about Bob Barr , representative from Georgia ?
What is the frequency of VHF ?
What are the Arabic Numerals from 1 to 10 ?
What does the policeman become in the Canadian edition of Monopoly ?
How many electoral votes does it take to win presidency ?
What is digitalis ?
What kind of flowers does detective Nero Wolfe raise ?
What was paper made of in the late 16th century ?
Who was William Henry Harrison ?
What was the outcome of the 1945 Yalta Conference ?
What is `` flintknapping '' ?
What 's the most popular contact lens color ?
What were the cities of Dickens 's A Tale of Two Cities ?
What causes canker sores in the mouth ?
In what year was the movie the Ten Commandments released ?
What is the fastest fish in the world ?
What color are the castellated walls of the Kremlin ?
What is celebrated during the week of February 21-27 ?
What is damage to business and government caused by bureaucracy ?
What countries have the best math students ?
When was the De Beers company founded ?
What was a California prayer book to an Old West gambler ?
Who was the first black performer to have his own network TV show ?
What 's another name for aspartame ?
What did John F. Kennedy consider his greatest blunder in office ?
What 's the abbreviation for trinitrotoluene ?
What creature is the absolute fastest in moving in the world , birds , mammals , etc. , ?
What is the date of Bastille Day ?
What is IOC an abbreviation of ?
What 's the proud claim to fame of the young women who formed Kappa Alpha Theta ?
Which two products use a tiger as their symbol ?
Where did Freidreich Wilhelm Ludwig Leichhardt , Prussian born explorer , go to school ?
What color eyes are most sensitive to light ?
How much folic acid should an expectant mother get daily ?
What company uses the unfamiliar faces of its celebrity spokespeople to promote the use of its product ?
What disease does Katharine Hepburn have that makes her voice shake ?
What did FCC chairman Newton Minow declare TV to be on May 9 , 1961 ?
How much caffeine is in a 16 oz cup of coffee ?
What is the name of the art of growing miniature trees ?
What two countries in South America are landlocked ?
What does Tiffany mean ?
Why do magnets attract ?
How do you address a Chinese person ?
What is the meaning of thalassemia ?
What is Columbia Tristar 's phone number ?
How do I impress a guy ?
What does the method called `` cold fusion '' create ?
When did Princess Diana and Prince Charles get married ?
What determines the value of the pearl ?
Which country did Hitler rule ?
What was the name of the American ship sunk by a mine in Havana harbor , causing the Spanish-American war ?
Who directed The Wild Bunch ?
What are emblazoned on the Jolly Roger ?
The Orange Bowl is in what city ?
What are the alveoli ?
What comedian was born Allen Stewart Konigsberg ?
How many Leos have been Pope ?
What state was Herbert Hoover born in ?
What TV series featured Neal , a martini-drinking St. Bernard ?
What developed a crack in 1835 while tolling the death of U.S. Chief Justice John Marshall ?
How many fiddlers did Old King Cole have ?
What poet wrote : `` ... I have promises to keep , and miles to go before I sleep '' ?
What is ethylene ?
What Irwin Allen bomb has Richard Widmark saying he 'll be `` the first officer in history to get his butt kicked by a mess of bugs ! '' ?
What is a fear of clouds ?
What is the music used in the new VW Beetle commercial where the car spins and changes colors ?
What is a fear of pregnancy ?
What is the population in India ?
What is the origin of the word `` pallbearer ? ''
How long do flies live ?
Why is Microsoft 's Windows 3 software so successful ?
Who runs Andy Capp 's favorite pub ?
What state produces the best lobster to eat ?
How many times a day does the typical person go to the bathroom ?
What bowl game began as an East-West contest between Michigan and Stanford in 192 ?
What islands got their name from the Spanish baja mar , meaning shallow water ?
What is deadrise , nautical , ?
What 's the official language of Algeria ?
What took first prize in Omni magazine 's contest to find the `` ultimate unanswerable question '' ?
What six words follow the line : `` From a jack to a king.. . '' ?
How do I find a city if I have the area code ?
What author of the Days of Our Lives Cookbook signed on in 198 as Liz Chandler in TV 's Days of Our Lives ?
What foods contain the most protein ?
What President was assassinated by Charles J. Guiteau ?
What comic of TV 's golden age went by the motto `` Anything for a laugh '' ?
How many feet long is a baseball pitcher 's rubber ?
What was the nationality of Jackson Pollock ?
Who invented the game bowling ?
What are the snakes of New England ?
How many times larger than life size is the Statue of Liberty ?
What is the name of the country which Hitler ruled ?
What group kidnaped Patricia Hearst ?
How long does a human live ?
Where can I get U.S. economic statistics ?
How many Superbowls have the ers won ?
What do you do when your mouse is n't working as fast as it 's supposed to ?
What is a gandy dancer ?
Who is the creator of `` The Muppets '' ?
Which of the following celebrities started his show-biz career as a disc jockey ?
What Triple Crown-winning horse took the 1973 Belmont Stakes by 31 lengths ?
What 's a perfect score in a gymnastics exercise ?
What is the dot on an the letter i called ?
What 's the capital of Iowa ?
Who asked you to do the Loco-Motion with her in 1962 ?
What 's the rathaus in Frankfurt ?
What President served for five years , six months and 2 days ?
What do you call the feeling of having experienced something before ?
What incident caused the canning of a summit conference between Eisenhower and Khrushchev ?
What is the abbreviated form of the National Bureau of Investigation ?
What is a fear of odors , body , ?
What is the formula to calculate pi ?
What is the difference between a bachelor and a 1 bedroom apartment ?
What is Drew Barrymore 's middle name ?
How do you write a book report ?
What are Cobol , Fortran , and Pascal ?
What is Supergirl 's secret identity ?
What is the US Federal Government website for Standard Industrial Classification codes , SIC , ?
What court does Bob Woodward describe in The Brethren ?
Who made the first surfboard ?
What is the name of the police officer who tried to keep order in Top Cat 's neighborhood ?
On what date did Rosa Parks Become a symbol of the civil rights movement for refusing to give up her seat on the bus ?
What are the highest-paying odds on a roulette table ?
In what year did the US Marine Corps adopt the motto `` Semper Fidelis '' ?
How many films did Ingmar Bergman make ?
What does a deltiologist collect ?
What is Garry Kasparov famous for ?
What does the `` c '' stand for in the equation E=mc2 ?
Who is the Greek God of the Sea ?
What well-known music personality is the father of an adopted son named Hans Christian Henderson ?
How do you measure the heat of the sun ?
Why do some people have two different color eyes ?
Which leg does a cat move with its left front leg when walking - its left rear or right rear leg ?
When was the first Barbie produced ?
What 's the hardest substance in the human body ?
Who was the first woman governor of Wyoming ?
How many more weeks of winter are there if a ground hog sees his shadow ?
What Green Bay Packers coach philosophized : `` There 's nothing that stokes the fire like hate '' ?
How do birds find their way back to the same place every year ?
Where is the Henry Ford Museum ?
Name a film that has won the Golden Bear in the Berlin Film Festival ?
What 's the International Lawn Tennis Challenge Trophy usually called ?
What year did nylon stockings first go on sale ?
What is a research expedition in mountain climbing ?
On which flight did Fawaz Younis commit air piracy and hostage taking ?
What are the 10 largest cities in the US ?
What is a wart ?
What is spaceball played on ?
How does rabies spread ?
What famous comedian recently tried without success to revive the play ?
What is Drew Barrymore 's email address ?
How can you tell if someone is lying ?
What is the difference between a preface and a foreword ?
What are fingernails made of ?
What nationality were the 123 people who died in the Black Hole of Calcutta ?
What does storm wave mean in Japanese ?
Why do they sterilize the needle for lethal injection ?
What TV family sometimes buys eclairs from Nelson 's Bakery ?
How can you get rust stains out of clothing ?
How does a small businessman contact the Good Humor Ice Cream company to do business with them ?
What enigmatic U.S. vice president was once tried and acquitted for treason in a plot to set up his own independent empire in the West ?
Who was Charles Lindbergh 's wife ?
Who sings Angel Eyes from the 80 's ?
When did the Jurassic Period end ?
What is the one thing you need before you can purchase life insurance ?
What caused the Titanic to sink ?
What is the chemiosmotic theory ?
What information can you tell me about actor James Cromwell ?
How does an ion drive work ?
How can I trace my family roots ?
What was the date of Iraq 's invasion of Kuwait ?
What is another word for diet ?
What is a courier ?
What Sinatra hit did he dooby dooby do in ?
How do you get a girl to have sex with you ?
What award is the `` Oscar '' of advertising ?
What is the name of the planet that the Ewoks live on ?
What ice creams contain seaweed ?
What dumb-but-loveable character did Maurice Gosfield play on The Phil Silvers Show ?
What is a `` USB '' port on a computer ?
What term means a sexual attraction between a male and a female ?
What was called the world 's largest department store ?
What sea surrounds the Cayman Islands ?
How many different vegetation zones are there ?
What does LOL mean ?
What ocean was Amelia Earhart flying over when she disappeared ?
What book does Holden Caulfield appear in ?
What happens when lightning strikes a body of water ?
What was the nickname of German flying ace Manfred von Richthofen ?
What does e=mc2 mean ?
What country other than Germany invaded Poland in September 1939 ?
How do I contact answers.com ?
What are the names of the different toes ?
What are different products of petroleum ?
What causes asthma ?
When was the Bill of Rights ratified ?
What do the number 1 , 2 , and 4 mean on Dr. Pepper bottles ?
What is the largest U.S. state east of the Mississippi ?
How can I find out how much it costs to raise a baby for six months ?
What 's the population of Biloxi , Mississippi ?
What vowel do all Esperanto nouns end in ?
What is a heuristic ?
What California desert is dubbed High Desert ?
In the Miller Lite TV commercial , who is the creature ?
Who wrote ` Hamlet ' ?
How did the jack-o '-lantern get it 's name ?
Why can 't ostriches fly ?
Where do the Blackhawks maintain their operations ?
Why are the rooftops in Canada green ?
What African country was founded by freed American slaves in 1847 ?
What year did the first issue of `` Playboy '' come out ?
The Orange Bowl is located in what city ?
What is a fear of motion ?
What pseudonym did William Sydney Porter use in writing The Gift of the Magi ?
What is a fear of glass ?
In Waugh 's `` A Handful of Dust , '' what does the mad old man force the hero to do every afternoon ?
What is the last name of Lucy and Linus from the Peanut 's comic strip ?
What cheery fellow got the ZIP code 9971 from the U.S. Postal Service in 1963 ?
How many layers does a bottle of Yoo-Hoo settle into ?
Name Pittsburgh 's baseball team .
What 's the nearest star to Earth ?
Where is Inoco based ?
What does El Nino mean in spanish ?
What does Choo Choo Charlie say ?
How do I register a trade name in North Carolina ?
What was the number of assassinations and attempts to assassinate in the U.S. since 1865 ?
How many stations do you shoot from in the basketball game `` Around the World '' ?
What is a Jake brake ?
What sign is the best love match for a horoscope sign ?
Who was the Russian ambassador to Hungary during the 1956 uprising ?
Who holds the NFL record for most touchdowns in a season ?
What cards are bullets ?
What is the average age a horse lives ?
What planet would you visit to see Bebrenia , Arcadia , and Amazonis ?
Which language has the most words ?
Where is Natick ?
What J.R.R. Tolkien book features Gimli as a central character ?
What brand of white rum is still made in Cuba ?
Who is Shirley MacLaine ?
What business exports the sparkling wine Spumante ?
What is a fear of water ?
What does the number 33 on the Rolling Rock beer bottle mean ?
What is the origin of the city `` Corpus Christi '' ?
Who wrote ` The Pines of Rome ' ?
Where is the Valley of the Kings ?
What was the first U.S.-based team in the NHL ?
Where did the sport of caber-tossing originate ?
Who played for the Chicago Bears , Houston Oilers and Oakland Raiders in a 26-year pro football career ?
Where are the Union Stockyards ?
Where does the weird shape of the dinner fish knife originate from ?
How many children does Ray Davies of the Kinks have ?
How many years did Shea & Gould practice law in Los Angeles ?
What did Walter Huston remove to perform in the movie The Treasure of the Sierra Madre ?
How much salt is in the oceans ?
Who leads the star ship Enterprise in Star Trek ?
What animals acted as lapwarmers for American colonists in church ?
Who won World War II ?
Where does `` bovine '' come from ?
Where does the U.S. get most of its energy ?
What country , after Canada and Mexico , is closest to the U.S. ?
What is the weakest bone in the body ?
What is dew point ?
Who was Garrett Morgan married to ?
What was the name of Darth Vader 's son ?
How many stars are there in Big Dipper ?
How do you become a dentist ?
Who is Ishmael in Moby Dick ?
How many wings does a flea have ?
What country has been called The Queen of the Antilles ?
Where can I find a website that gives comparisons of good prices ?
What is the population of Mozambique ?
What is multimedia ?
What state has the most Indians ?
What is the difference between terry cloth and French terry ?
How long is Camptown Racetrack ?
Name the two blob members of the animated Herculoids .
Where did Luther display his `` Ninety-Five Theses '' ?
What are `` inkhorn terms '' ?
What is the difference between pop music and rock and roll ?
What river is Pocahontas buried along ?
What does hazmat stand for ?
What is `` bloodhound '' ?
How many miles is it from London , England to Plymouth , England ?
What was Paul Bunyan 's ox 's name ?
What trophy is awarded to the winners of the Super Bowl ?
Where is Dartmouth College ?
What well-known TV talk show host was a lay preacher by the time he was seventeen ?
What are the environmental influences on plant genetics ?
What one of the Backstreet Boys are single ?
How many people was Randy Craft convicted of murdering ?
What river flows through Vienna , Budapest and Belgrade ?
What Civil War general wreaked havoc on the south by marching through Georgia on his way to the sea ?
Who was the conservationist who served as spokesperson for Post Grape Nuts ?
What is carpal tunnel syndrome ?
What does IOC stand for ?
Which area produces the least acidic coffee ?
Why is it called `` hamburger '' if there is no ham in it ?
What is the trademark of a Washington Redskin 's fan ?
Why does cotton get caught in belly buttons ?
What suburban housewife and mother of three wrote The Feminine Mystique ?
How does a glacier form ?
On which date is the Ukrainians ' Christmas ?
What is the largest city in the world ?
What famed tennis tournament 's men 's singles title was Fred Perry the last Englishman to win ?
Who was Whitcomb Judson ?
What is the average weight for a man ?
What are Britain 's two longest rivers ?
What country covers 8 , 600 , 387 square miles ?
What fuel do airplanes use ?
Name a canine cartoon character other than Huckleberry Hound to have a voice by Daws Butler .
What does palindromic mean ?
What baseball expression came from the nautical term for ships sailing between the Atlantic and Pacific before the Panama Canal ?
In which state are the Mark Twain National Forests ?
What is the oldest ethnological museum in the world ?
How does Belle describe her life in Beauty and the Beast ?
What color flies closest to the staff on Belgium 's flag ?
What is the smallest thing seen under the most powerful microscope , and how big is it ?
Which ear can most people hear better with ?
Where have the most dinosaur remains been found ?
What letter appears on the cold-water tap in Spain ?
How do you say `` Grandma '' in Irish ?
Who shoplifts ?
What is a camel hair brush actually made out of ?
What is the Socratic method ?
What island has a park called The Battery at is southern tip ?
What is hypertext ?
How much is Clara Peller being paid by Wendy 's to say `` Where 's the beef '' ?
What do I need to learn to design web pages ?
What was the date of CNN 's first broadcast ?
Shea and Gould closed their Los Angeles office for what reason ?
What Peter Blatty novel recounts the horrors of Regan MacNeil 's possession by the devil ?
What is the all-time stock high of Apple Computer , and where can I find this information ?
Why are lions called `` King of the Jungle '' ?
What non-alcoholic syrup is made from pomegranate juice ?
What meter was invented by C.C. Magee in 1935 ?
When was Calypso music invented ?
What Caribbean island is northeast of Trinidad ?
What Michelangelo sculpture is in Saint Peter 's Cathedral , Basilica , ?
What 's the difference and advantages of selecting a Super VHS VCR over plain VHS model ?
How old is Bernadette Peters ?
Where can I find book reviews of `` Turbulent Souls '' ?
What is Dick Clark 's birthday ?
What is the name for clouds that produce rain ?
When did Hitler come to power in Germany ?
When did Gothic art and architecture flourish ?
Which two inventors invented Post-its ?
What day of the week was July 13 ?
Whose image is alleged to be on The Shroud of Turin ?
What does Salk vaccine prevent ?
What U.S. general was court-martialled for criticizing American air power ?
What is a fear of insanity ?
How do you convert foot-pounds to foot-inches ?
Who said : `` The victor will never be asked if he told the truth '' ?
Approximately how many students are enrolled at the University of Massachusetts ?
What do West Indian steel bands use as instruments ?
Why did David Koresh ask the FBI for a word processor ?
What is the fastest growing state in the U.S.A. in 1998 ?
How many American soldiers have died for their country to date ?
What was the name of the U.S. 's first manned space program ?
Who is Langston Hughes ?
What were the achievements of Richard Nixon ?
Where does the opera singer Ileana Cotrubas come from ?
How do you do a bibliography with an unknown author ?
Saddam Hussein was compared to whom by President Bush ?
What year was the NAACP founded ?
In what year did Thatcher gain power ?
Who wrote the book , `` The Grinch Who Stole Christmas '' ?
Where can I learn about Samuel Gompers ?
What jockey won 17 Triple Crown races ?
What U.S. state 's biggest lake is Lake Sam Rayburn ?
What is Greek pita ?
What do peacocks mate with ?
Who seized power from Milton Obote in 1971 ?
What state is Niagara Falls located in ?
How hot does the inside of an active volcano get ?
What tools do you use to crewel ?
What is narcolepsy ?
What is the name of the American literary era that includes 1896 ?
What 's the term for an organism that lives on or in another ?
Where is the Orange Bowl ?
What Scandinavian capital is built on nine bridge-connected islands ?
What well-known actor is the father of star Alan Alda ?
Where is the Smithsonian Institute located ?
What does the name ` Alexandra ' mean ?
What is the size of Argentina ?
What would you add to the clay mixture to produce bone china ?
What is leukemia ?
What Stephen Sondheim ballad ends : `` Well , maybe next year.. . '' ?
How does the tail affect the flight of a kite ?
What date is Richard Nixon 's birthday ?
What film canine is buried in Pere-Lachaise cemetery in Paris ?
What little boy and dog live in a shoe ?
What percent of world 's fresh water is found in Canada ?
CNN 's first broadcast occurred on what date ?
Why are the U.S. presidential elections held in November ?
How many grooves are on a dime ?
What was Marilyn Monroe 's real name ?
What number of American soldiers remain unaccounted from the Vietnam war ?
What is the acronym for the National Bureau of Investigation ?
How does marijuana lead to other drugs ?
What father and son won the Medal of Honor ?
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?
Which high schools are included in the South Florida Ice Hockey league ?
How many different types of skunks are there ?
Who is the Prophet of Medina ?
What is the name of a Salt Lake City newspaper ?
What year did Spielberg make `` Jaws '' ?
What 's the meaning of the zoological term ruminant ?
What is the name of the woman who was with John Belushi when he died ?
What is hyperopia ?
What color Poker chip is usually assigned the lowest value ?
What do most tourists visit in Reims ?
Which produces the longer sperm - an elephant or a mouse ?
In what book can I find the story of Aladdin ?
What United States city produces the most oil ?
How do you pronounce `` Tzimisce '' ?
What 's the name of the Tokyo Stock Exchange ?
What 's the percentage of children aged two through eleven who watch ` 'The Simpsons ' ?
What TV show premiered on January 15 , 1981 ?
What was the only country in the Western Hemisphere to join the Russian-led boycott of the 1984 Summer Olympics ?
In what part of Africa is Mozambique located ?
What is the abbreviated term used for the National Bureau of Investigation ?
What is e-commerce ?
Whose funeral train traveled from Washington D.C. to Springfield , Illinois ?
How did names come about ?
What 's the better-known identity of John Merrick , the noble ogre of Victorian England ?
What is her husband 's name ?
What cigarette company urged us , `` Come to where the flavor is ? ''
Which of the following did not receive a 1983 `` Outstanding Mother Award '' from the National Mother 's Day Committee ?
What Dynasty star made her 2th Century-Fox debut in The Virgin Queen ?
Where is Poe 's birthplace ?
What actress holds the record for the most appearances on the cover of Life ?
What was the first TV set to include a remote control ?
Name the company that used the line , `` Even your best friend won 't tell you '' in its ad ?
What first-aid product `` Helps the hurt stop hurting '' ?
How does ultraviolet light damage the DNA of skin cells ?
What was the verdict in the trial of Lizzie Borden ?
What U.S. President had brothers-in-law in the Confederate army ?
Who is the Queen of Holland ?
What does the Greek word polis mean , as in Minneapolis ?
Where can I find detailed information about Manchukuo ?
What actor learned to play the saxophone and speak Russian for a role in a movie ?
Who says , `` If you don 't look good , we don 't look good '' ?
Who was Secretary of State during the Nixon administration ?
How much money does each player get at the beginning of the game in Monopoly ?
Where 's the GUM department store ?
What is the literal meaning of `` D-DAY '' ?
What state was named the Green Mountain state ?
What carries sperm up into the pelvic region ?
What year was the ATM first introduced ?
What are all the southern states of the United States ?
Who is Johnny Carson ?
What does 7847+5943 equal ?
What book is subtitled The Preservation of Favoured Races in the Struggle for Life ?
Why do the chickenpoxs last so long ?
What attorneys work for The Center for the Defense of Free Enterprise ?
How did the U.S. come into the possession of an empire in the wake of the Spanish-American War ?
What is Dick Clark 's date of birth ?
What does the name `` Sheri '' mean ?
What is the only primate to lack pigment in the palms of its hands ?
How many equal sides are there on a scalene triangle ?
Where did Bill Gates go to college ?
What constellation is known as The Water Bearer ?
What tale has the moral : `` He who wants everything gets nothing '' ?
What U.S. university boasts the largest library ?
In which year was the cartoon character Chilly Willy created ?
What do Japanese school uniforms look like ?
Name a Salt Lake City newspaper .
Where can I find the history of the Taiwanese language ?
What state is Mount McKinley in ?
How did people respond to the idea of the first millenium ?
Which classical Spanish writer said `` All that glitters is not gold '' ?
What is swap math ?
What is hypnotherapy ?
What is RCD ?
How large is Missouri 's population ?
Which cats pursued Tweety Pie in his first cartoon appearance ?
What is the biblical meaning of ` stones ' ?
Which organization is the Security Council a part of ?
When was the internal combustion engine developed ?
How can I find out my biorhythm ?
Who painted `` Soft Self-Portrait with Grilled Bacon '' ?
What company markets a shampoo `` for brunettes only '' ?
What is a fear of touching ?
What is the name of the largest water conservancy project in China ?
Who killed Caesar ?
Where is Kings Canyon ?
What are the words to the song sung by `` Banana in Pajamas '' ?
Why are organ transplants more successful today ?
Which is the most-used computer program ?
What is the root of all evil ?
What animal has the best hearing ?
What time does Wee Willie Winkie run through the town ?
What chapter of Gone with the Wind has Rhett Butler leaving Scarlett O 'Hara ?
What amount of money did the Philippine ex-dictator Marcos steal from the treasury ?
What film featured Shirley MacLaine as a prostitute and Jack Lemmon as a pimp ?
What is a fear of drinking ?
What Asian country once thrilled to the sport of cricket fighting ?
How many varieties of apple are there ?
Who is Count Cinzano ?
Who 's won the most Oscars for costume design ?
What Ernest Hemingway novel had the working title Fiesta ?
What color of Monopoly properties are landed on most often ?
Which Beatles disc cover honors the Rolling Stones ?
Why does it snow ?
What is the average life expectancy of a male in Ireland in 1996 ?
What is `` Vocal Sampling '' ?
How do windmills work ?
What ocean liner burned and sank in Hong Kong harbor ?
What city is near the mouth of the Amazon ?
What U.S. vice-president once declared : `` If you 've seen one slum , you 've seen them all '' ?
Who wrote The Red Badge of Courage ?
What money was used by them ?
What color , s , appear on boxes of Kodak film ?
Where did the Inuits live ?
What is the origin of the word trigonometry ?
What is Compaq 's mission statement ?
What was the name of the 1899 policy forced on China by which all nations had equal trading rights ?
What British monarch 's lap did P.T. Barnum 's Tom Thumb sit in ?
How did Rocky Marciano die ?
Who invented the road traffic cone ?
What is the name of Joan Jett 's band ?
Which of the following people is not associated with Andy Warhol ?
What does Visine get out ?
What civilization invented the arch ?
What are some fun things to do in Cozumel , Mexico for teenagers ?
What is an example of a famous rock band from the sixties ?
What former royal palace has served as a granary , prison , arsenal , leper colony , mint , telegraph station and whorehouse before becoming an art museum ?
Where was `` I have fallen , and I can 't get up '' said first ?
What president 's ghost is said to haunt the White House ?
What are the names of Jack 's original roommates on Three 's Company ?
What is the definition of hazmat ?
How many URL extensions are there ? and what are they ?
Where did the Wright brothers make their first flight ?
Who won the Battle of Gettysburg ?
What do you get by mixing gin and vermouth ?
Name the two youngsters saved by the animated Moby Dick .
Who was the captain of the tanker , Exxon Valdez , involved in the oil spill in Prince William Sound , Alaska , 1989 ?
What is the snowiest city in the U.S. ?
What is crabgrass ?
What book opens : `` At a certain village in La Mancha , which I shall not name.. . '' ?
Who is Stephen Hawking ?
What does SHIELD stand for ?
How do you say , `` I love you '' in other languages ?
What is The Gay Science ?
Why is Jane Goodall famous ?
What is the chemical reactivity of helium ?
The name of the actor who played the detective in the film Kindergarden Cop is what ?
What is main reason for that electric vehicles can 't be popular nowadays ?
What is the difference between optical and digital video ?
What clause in the U.S. Constitution may not be changed , altered or amended ?
What 's new in the postal world in 1999 ?
What actor came to dinner in Guess Who 's Coming to Dinner ?
What is the difference between the anus and the rectum ?
What is a Guild ?
What is the difference between college and graduate school ?
How do I change a file from an ART file to a JPEG or Bitmap file ?
What is Franz Kafka 's short story `` A Country Doctor '' trying to tell us ?
What engineer invented the pull-tab can ?
What South American capital is the world 's highest ?
What are the lyrics to the Star Spangled Banner ?
Name a civil war battlefield .
When do you plant winter wheat ?
What will a compass do in outer space ?
How many counties are in Indiana ?
Which college did Dikembe Mutombo attend ?
Who was the first actress to appear on a postage stamp ?
Who was the first black woman to star in the Folies Bergeres ?
What Aesop 's fable has the moral : `` The race is not always to the swift. Slow and steady is bound to win '' ?
What famed strip of land is a 15-minute boat trip across the Venetian Lagoon from Venice ?
How is water treated to make it safe to drink ?
What is a hydrogen bond ?
What is the exchange rate between England and the U.S. ?
What does a woman want ?
What is the protection rate of using condoms ?
What 's the abbreviation for limited partnership ?
Which continent has the most roses ?
What Russian novel embracing more the 5 characters is set in the Napoleonic Wars ?
How do you write a correct critical analysis of a poem ?
How do I check if my modem is v.9 compatible ?
What is your favorite color ?
What is the longest chemical name , consisting of 35 letters ?
How many corners does a spritsail have ?
What bottled-up TV character was born in Baghdad ?
What is a multiplexer ?
What credit card features a centurion on its face ?
What are the four largest mountain ranges on the Asian continent ?
What are the Poconos ?
What does caliente mean , in English ?
What is Jane Goodall famous for ?
What is the mission of Nike ?
What is thalassemia ?
How far can you see ?
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?
Why can 't you taste anything when you have a cold ?
Where in the Bible does it tell about Jesus Christ 's brothers and sisters ?
What country boasts the southernmost point in continental Europe ?
When did Nostradamus believe World War III would begin ?
What is so powerful about Power Bars ?
What do the Japanese call Japan ?
What country was Brian Boru an 11th-century king of ?
What happens when a body part falls asleep ?
What English word has the most letters ?
What film ends with the line : `` This is Mrs. Norman Maine '' ?
Who asked the musical question : `` Have you ever been to electric lady land ? ''
Who wrote : `` Poems are made by fools like me but only God can make a tree '' ?
What is June 's birthstone ?
Where did the 6th annual meeting of Indonesia-Malaysia forest experts take place ?
Why do we ask for the `` check '' and not the bill at a restaurant ?
Who played the part of the Godfather in the movie , ` The Godfather ' ?
When was London 's Docklands Light Railway constructed ?
Who invented the Wonderbra ?
What is the origin of the proverb `` A stitch in time saves nine '' ?
What state capital comes last alphabetically ?
Why is Thanksgiving on a Thursday ?
How do telephones work ?
What 's the main vegetable in vichyssoise ?
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?
How long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the body ?
Who owns the St. Louis Rams ?
Where is former Pro wrestler Johnny `` Rubber Man '' Walker ?
What beer tells us , `` Grab all the gusto you can get . '' ?
What is the geographical center of the US including Alaska and Hawaii ?
Which side of the face do most artists tend to show more of in self-portraits ?
What is diabetes ?
What phenomenon would you expect to read about in the monthly publication The Bigfoot News ?
When do MORMONS believe Christ was born ?
In what year was actress Joan Collins born ?
What is a fear of punishment ?
What is average salary of restaurant manager in United States ?
What comic strip sometimes features a mailman named Beasley ?
What device provided a new way to listen to music in 1963 ?
What will a kid eat the middle of , and save the chocolate on the outside for last ?
On average , how long time does it take to type a screenplay ?
What does the abbreviation IOC stand for ?
What 's a short ton ?
How long do cardinal eggs incubate ?
What two body parts grow all your life ?
What Texas surgeon performed the first artificial heart transplant ?
What country has the port of Haifa ?
What is the main ingredient of yogurt ?
What is the recipe for Eggs Benedict ?
